 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEX 

SET NO. 

PAGE NO. 

SET NO. 

PAGE NO. 

SET - 1 

SET - 2 

SET - 3 

SET - 4 

SET - 5 

SET - 6 

SET - 7 

SET - 8 

SET - 9 

SET - 10 

SET - 11 

SET - 12 

SET - 13 

SET - 14 

SET - 15 

SET - 16 

SET - 17 

SET - 18 

SET - 19 

SET - 20 

SET - 21 

SET - 22 

SET - 23 

SET - 24 

SET - 25 

3 

5 

6 

7 

8 

10 

11 

12 

13 

14 

15 

17 

19 

20 

21 

22 

23 

24 

25 

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

34 

SET - 26 

SET - 27 

SET - 28 

SET - 29 

SET - 30 

SET - 31 

SET - 32 

SET - 33 

SET - 34 

SET - 35 

SET - 36 

SET - 37 

SET - 38 

SET - 39 

SET - 40 

SET - 41 

SET - 42 

SET - 43 

SET - 44 

SET - 45 

SET - 46 

SET - 47 

SET - 48 

SET - 49 

SET - 50 

35 

36 

38 

39 

40 

41 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

49 

50 

51 

52 

53 

54 

55 

56 

57 

58 

59 

60 

62 

63 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Warning:  Smartkeeda  possesses  all  copyrights  on  its  content.  This  doesn’t  allow  anyone  to  use  its 
content  for  commercial  purposes.  If  any  infringement  is  found,  legal  action  will  be  taken  against  the 
individual  or  entity.  If  you  want  to  use  the  content  for  commercial  purposes,  kindly  write  to  us  at 
admin@smartkeeda.com 

Seating Arrangement for Exam 

Set – 1 

Direction: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

There is a meet of eight ministers at Rashtrapati Bhawan. These eight ministers namely Jaitley, 
Nitin,  Prabhu,  Paswan,  Prakash,  Radha,  Ravi  and  Shankar  are  sitting  around  a  circular  table 
facing the centre but not necessarily in the same order. Each one of them is from a different 
ministery viz. Agriculture, Finance, Defence, Railways, Health and Family Welfare, HRD, Food 
Processing Industries and Law & order. 

Radha  sits  second  to  the  right  of  the  representative  of  Railways.  Representatives  of  Food 
Processing Industries and Railways are immediate neighbours of the each other. Two people 
sit  between  the  representative  of  Food  Processing  Industries  and  Nitin.  Prabhu  and  Prakash 
are  immediate  neighbours  of  each  other.  Neither  Prabhu  nor  Prakash  is  an  immediate 
neighbour of either Nitin or the representative of Food Processing Industries. Representative 
of Defence sits second to the right of Paswan, Paswan is neither the representative of Railways 
nor  Food  Processing  Industries.  Ravi  and  the  representative  of  Agriculture  are  immediate 
neighbours of each other. Nitin is not the representative of Agriculture. Only one person sits 
between  Prabhu  and  the  representative  of  Finance.  Shankar  sits  third  to  the  left  of  the 
representative  of  Law  &  order.  Representative  from  HRD  sits  second  to  the  left  of  the 
representative of Health and Family Welfare. 

1.  Who  among  the  following  sit  between  Nitin  and  the  representative  from  Food 

Processing Industries? 

A. Jaitley and Radha 
D. Shankar and Ravi 

B. Radha and Ravi 
E. Nitin and Paswan 

C. Shankar and Jaitley 

2.  Who among the following sits second to the left of Nitin? 

A. The representative of Railways 
C. The representative of Law & order  
E. None of these 

B. The representative of HRD 
D. The representative of Health and Family Welfare. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.  Which of the following is true with respect to the given seating arrangement? 

A. Jaitley sits second to the right of the representative of Food Processing Industries. 
B. The representative of Law & Order sits to the immediate left of the representative of Agriculture 
C. Nitin is the representative of Defence 
D. Prabhu sits second to the right of Shankar 
E. Jaitley and Nitin are immediate neighbours of each other 

4.  Who among the following is the representative of Finance? 

A. Jaitley 

B. Prabhu 

C. Shankar 

D. Ravi  

E. Paswan 

5.  

The amount paid by YouTube per 1000 subscribers is Rs. 42 and per 10000 views is Rs. 
85.  Find  the  difference  between  the  amount  of  money  earned  by  channel  A  and 
channel B till 31st May. 

A. Rs. 42246 

B. Rs. 39040 

C. Rs. 31983 

D. Rs. 42578 

E. Rs. 44212 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Direction: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Set – 2 

Twelve key members are invited by the party President to discuss the points to be included in 
their  party  manifesto.  They  sit  in  two  rows  each  of  which  contains  six  persons.  Members  in 
both the rows face each other and are equidistant with the persons sitting adjacent.  Raghu, 
Gopi,  Somi,  Sethi,  Abram  and  Anu  are  sitting  in  row-1  and  they  face  towards  east.  Prabhu, 
Deva, Javed, Atal, Puri and Gil are sitting in row-2 and they face towards west. One person of 
one row faces the other person of the other row. 

Prabhu, who is sitting at one of the ends of the row, is second to the right of Puri. Raghu does 
not face Prabhu or Puri. Raghu is third to the left of Anu. There are two persons between Deva 
and Gil. There is only one person between Somi and Sethi, Somi and Sethi do not face Prabhu. 
Gopi is neighbour of Somi. Atal, who does not face Sethi, is not the neighbour of Deva. 

6.  Who among the following faces Anu? 

A. Deva 

B. Puri   

C. Atal   

D. Javed 

E. Gil 

7. 

How many persons are sitting between Abram and Somi? 

A. One   

B. Two  

C. Three 

D. Four  

E. None 

8. 

Abram is related to Javed in the same way as Gopi is related to Atal. On this pattern 
Anu is related to: 

A. Gil 

B. Prabhu 

C. Puri   

D. Deva 

E. None of these 

9.  Which of the following statements is true about Gopi? 

A. Gill is the neighbour of that person who faces Gopi. 
B. Somi is not the immediate neighbour of Gopi. 
C. Abram is second to the right of Gopi. 
D. Puri faces Gopi. 
E. Gopi is second from the left end of the row. 

10.   Who are sitting at the ends of the row-1? 

A. Prabhu, Gil   

B. Anu, Raghu   

C. Sethi, Abram 

D. Prabhu, Atal 

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 3 

Direction: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Eight  family  members  Anuj,  Amit,  Anu,  Ajay,  Ayush,  Aarti,  Anita,  and  Anupam  are  sitting 
around a circular table, facing the centre but not necessarily in the same order. 

Aarti, the wife of Ajay is sitting third to the right of Anu. Anuj is the son of Anupam. Anuj is 
sitting second to the left of Ajay. Ajay is not an immediate neighbour to neither Aarti nor Anu. 
No  male is  an immediate neighbour to Ajay. Anita sits second to the left of Ajay’s son. Only 
two persons sit between Anupam and Anuj’s brother. Neither Anu nor Ajay is the brother of 
Anuj. Ajay ‘s son and the wife of Ajay’s son are immediate neighbours to each other. Aarti is 
the mother of Anupam. Aarti is not an immediate neighbours to Amit and Anita. Anita is the 
sister of Ayush. 

11.  Who sits second to the left of Anita?  

A. Anuj’s brother 

B. Anita’s mother 

C. Ajay  

D. Amit’s father 

E. Anuj’s aunt 

12.  Who among the following is Ajay’s son? 

A. Ayush 

B. Anupam 

C. Anuj  

D. Amit 

           E. Can’t be determined 

13.  How many people sit between Anuj and his brother? 

A. None 

B. One  

C. Two  

D. Three 

E. Four 

14.  Who among the following sits exactly between Anupam and Aarti? 

A. Ajay’s wife    

B. Ajay’s son 

C. Anu   

D. Amit 

E. Anuj 

15.   Four of the following five are alike in a certain way based on the given arrangement 

and so form a group. Which is the one that does not belong to that group? 

A. Amit  

B. Anu   

C. Anupam  

D. Anita 

E. Aarti 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 4 

Direction: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Six  students  Akshit,  Bansi,  Chitresh,  Darpan,  Emaan  and  Falak  are  sitting  around  a  circular 
table facing towards the center of the table in a library. They read different comics like Billoo, 
Chacha Chaudhary, Krishna, Spider man, Bhokal and Takshak but not necessarily in the same 
order.  They  are wearing  T-shirts of  different  colors,  i.e.  white,  violet,  green,  red,  yellow  and 
blue but not necessarily in the same order. 

The students, who read Billoo, Krishna and Bhokal, are neither in white T-shirt nor in Violet. 
The students who are in green and yellow T-shirts have neither read Billoo nor Krishna comics. 
Akshit is neither in white T-shirt nor on the immediate left of the one who reads Spider man 
comics. The only student who is between Emaan and Falak reads Chacha Chaudhary comics. 
The one who is on the immediate left side of the student who is in white T-shirt does not read 
Takshak  comics.  Darpan  reads  Spider  man  comics  and  the  color  of  his  T-shirt  is  green,  he  is 
facing the student who reads Chacha Chaudhary comics. The One who reads Billoo comics is 
seated  opposite  to  the  student  wearing  blue  T-shirt,  while  the  student  whose  T-shirt  is  of 
green color is on the immediate left of the student who reads Bhokal comics. One who reads 
Takshak comics is on the immediate right of the student in white T-shirt but on the immediate 
left  of  the  student  who  reads  Krishna  comics.  Chitresh  does  not  read  Krishna  comics  while 
Falak does not read Billoo comics. 

16.  Who among the following is in white T-shirt? 

A. Chitresh 

B. Emaan 

C. Bansi 

D. Darpan 

E. None of these 

17.  The only student, who is between Darpan and Falak, is wearing T-shirt of which color? 

A. Red   

B. Blue  

C. Violet 

D. Yellow 

E. None of these 

18.  Who among the following read Bhokal comics? 

A. Akshit 

B. Bansi 

C. Chitresh 

D. Emaan 

E. None of these 

19.  Which of the following is correctly matched? 

A. Akshit-Yellow-Spider man   
D. Falak-Violet-Bhokal  

B. Bansi-Red-Krishna   
E. None of these 

C. Emaan-Red-Billoo 

20.   The color of the T-shirt of the student, who reads Takshak comics, is? 

A. Red   

B. Yellow 

C. Blue  

D. Violet 

E. None of these 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Direction: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Set – 5 

Eight  students  Anant,  Balbir,  Chakshu,  Deependu,  Ekansh,  Faiyaz,  Gandhik,  and  Hriday  are 
sitting in a row facing north but not necessary in the same order. No two successive students 
are  sitting  together  according  to  alphabetical  order.  For  Example:  Anant  does  not  sit  with 
Balbir; similarly, Balbir does not sit with Chakshu and so on. 

They  also  like  different  sports  like  Archery,  Polo,  Rugby,  Taekwondo,  Wrestling,  Squash, 
Gymnastics, and Baseball but not necessary in the same order. 

Either  Deependu  or  Balbir  sits  at  the  extreme  end  of  the  row.  Anant  likes  Baseball  and  sits 
second from the left end of the row. Deependu sits third to left of one who likes Gymnastics. 
Balbir sits third to left of Gandhik, who likes Squash. Gandhik does not sit the extreme end of 
the line. The one who likes Wrestling sits second to left of Faiyaz. Ekansh does not sit any of 
the extreme end of the line. One of the immediate neighbors of Balbir likes Taekwondo. Faiyaz 
does  not  like  Taekwondo.  The  one  who  likes  Rugby  sits  second  to  right  of  one  who  likes 
Archery. 

21.  Which  of  the  following  student  is  sitting  third  to  the  right  of  one  who  likes 

Taekwondo? 

A. Ekansh 

B. Gandhik 

C. Deependu 

D. Balbir 

E. None of these 

22.  How many students sit between Deependu and Ekansh? 

A. One  

B. Two  

C. Four  

D. Can't Be determined        E. None of these 

23.  Deependu likes which of the following sports? 

A. Wrestling 

B. Rugby 

C. Archery 

D. Taekwondo  

E. None of these 

24.  Who among following sits immediate left of Balbir? 

A. Anant 
D. The one, who likes Polo 

B. The one who likes Archery  
E. None of these 

C. Hriday 

25.   Who among following likes Taekwondo? 

A. Deependu 

B. Hriday 

C. Ekansh 

D. Balbir 

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 6 

Directions: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Ten students Boby, Chitresh, Chintu, Nanak, Mohit, Sachin, Rahul, Shankar, Nitin and Himesh 
are sitting on the chairs in two parallel rows in a coaching centre not necessarily in the same 
order. Boby, Chintu,  Nanak, Shankar and  Himesh are sitting in the first row  not in  the same 
order  and  rest  are  sitting  in  the  next  row.  All  are  attending  the  Electronics  class  and  face 
towards  the  board.  The  last  name  of  each  one  of  them  is  among-  Aryan,  Bhatti,  Bhadoria, 
Yadav,  Saxena,  Bashistha,  Lavanya,  Bharadwaj,  Parashar,  Shakya  not  necessarily  in  the  same 
order. 

Student with last name as Saxena sits third to the left of Rahul and Nanak sits opposite to the 
student with last name as Saxena. 
Student with last name as Parashar sits between Shankar and Boby. 
Boby sits opposite to the one who sits to the immediate left of Rahul. 
Student with last name as Bharadwaj sits in the left end and Himesh sits third to the right of 
him. 

Student with last name as Bashistha who sits in the middle in the first row sits opposite to the 
student with last name as Lavanya. 
Shankar’s last name is Yadav and sits third to the right of the student with last name as Aryan. 
Student with last name as Bhatti sits between Nitin and Sachin. 
Student with last name as Shakya sits to the immediate right of Chitresh. 
Student  with  last  name  as  Aryan  sits  opposite  to  the  one  who  sits  to  the  immediate  left  of 
Sachin. 
Student with last name as Bhadoria does not sit in between of the row. 

26.  Whose last name is Shakya? 

A. Rahul 

B. Chintu 

C. Mohit 

D. Boby 

E. None of these 

27.  Which one of the following persons has last name as Saxena? 

A. Mohit 

B. Chitresh 

C. Rahul 

D. Cannot be determined    E. None of these 

28.  Who sits to the immediate right of Mohit? 

A. Sachin 
D. The one whose last name is Bhadoria 

B. Rahul 

C. Chitresh 
E. None of these 

29.  Who sits between the one whose last name is Parashar and Chintu? 

A. Mohit  

B. Nanak 

C. Himesh 

D. Boby 

E. None of these 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30.   Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and thus forms a group. Find the 

one which does not belong to that group? 

A. Nanak 

B. Chitresh 

C. Rahul 

D. Nitin 

E. Shankar 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 7 

Directions: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Eight  members  viz.  Aadarsha,  Bajrang,  Chaitan,  Dahi,  Ehit,  Faarin,  Ganak  and  Hameer  of  a 
society went for shopping. Each of them spent in the multiples of Rs. 250 i.e., Rs.250, Rs.500/- 
…. up to Rs.2000/- not necessarily in the same order. After shopping, they went to a restaurant 
and all of them sat on a circular table facing the centre. 

The one who spent Rs.1750 is three places to the right of Dahi. The difference in the amounts 
spent by Hameer and Ehit is  maximum possible and they are sitting opposite to each other. 
Ganak spends more than Bajrang. There is exactly one person between Chaitan and the one 
who spends Rs. 250 and Chaitan is not adjacent to Dahi. Only for one pair of persons who are 
sitting  opposite  to  each  other,  the  difference  between  their  spending  is  Rs.1000.  Aadarsha 
spends Rs.750 and is adjacent to the person who spends least. The one who spends Rs.1250 is 
three places to the left of Ehit, who sits three places to the left of Dahi. Aadarsha sits sixth to 
the left of Faarin and there are exactly two persons sitting between Faarin and Hameer. The 
difference between the amount spent by Dahi and the one to its immediate right is same as 
the amount spent by Dahi and the one to its immediate left. 

31.  Which one of the following persons spent Rs. 1000? 

A. Ganak 

B. Bajrang 

C. Faarin 

D. Hameer 

E. None of these 

32.  Who sits opposite to Aadarsha? 

A. Chaitan 

B. Bajrang 

C. Ganak 

D. Dahi  

E. None of these 

33. 

Four  of  the  following  five  are  alike  in  a certain  way  and  form  a  group. Find  the  one 
which does not belong to that group. 

A. Aadarsha, Ganak  B. Bajrang, Chaitan 

C. Faarin, Dahi  

D. Ehit, Hameer 

E. Dahi, Bajrang 

34.  Find the sum of the money spent by Ganak and Chaitan? 

A. Rs. 3000 

B. Rs. 2250 

C. Rs. 2500 

D. Rs. 1500 

E. None of these 

35.   Find the second  multiple of the  amount spent by the  person who sits second to the 

left of Hameer? 

A. 1000 

B. 2000 

C. 3000 

D. 3500 

E. None of these 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 8 

Directions: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Eight students viz. Pabitra, Qadira, Raima, Sabri, Talikha, Ujjiti, Vacya, and Wamika applied for 
a  vacancy.  They  were  called  for  selection  rounds  which  consist  of  written  test,  group 
discussion etc. Each of them made to sit around a circular table, not necessarily in the same 
order. All of them are facing towards the center of the table. Each of them has different years 
of experience viz., 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, 5 years, 6 years, 7 years, 8 years and 9 years again 
not necessarily in the same order. 

The  person  who  has  5  years  of  experience  is  sitting  two  places  away  from  Vacya.  Raima  is 
sitting  third  to  the  left  of  the  person  who  has  5  years  of  experience.  Pabitra  and  Ujjiti  are 
sitting opposite to each other. Pabitra has less experience than Ujjiti. Sabri sits second to the 
right of Ujjiti. The person sitting opposite to Raima has 3 years of experience. The sum of the 
number of years of experience, that Talikha’s neighbors have, is 6. The difference between the 
number of years of experience of Vacya and Qadira is  3. Wamika and Talikha are not sitting 
opposite to each other. The difference between the number of years of experience of Talikha 
and Raima is an odd number but not 1.  Raima has more experience than the person sitting 
opposite to him. The number of years of experience, that Wamika has, is a composite number. 
The person to the immediate left of Qadira doesn’t have 7 years of experience. The sum of the 
number of years of experience, that Wamika’s neighbors have, is neither 5 nor 13. 

36. 

A. 2 

37. 

A. 7 

Find the difference between the experience of Talikha and the one who is sitting second 
to the left of her?   

B. 1 

C. 3 

D. 4 

E. None of these 

Find the sum of the experience of Raima and Sabri? 

B. 10 

C. 9 

D. 13 

E. None of these 

38.  Which of the following is the square of the Ujjiti’s experience? 

A. 4 

B. 81 

C. 9 

D. 36 

E. None of these 

39.  Who is sitting between Pabitra and Sabri? 

A. Vacya 

B. Qadira 

C. Wamika 

D. Ujjiti 

E. None of these 

40.   How much experience does Talikha has? 

A. 6 

B. 9 

C. 7 

D. 8 

E. None of these 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 9 

Directions: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

The  Mishra  family  went  to  the  photographer  for  their  family  photograph.  The  photographer 
arranged  them  in  a  straight  row  facing  the  North.  The  family  members  were  Anshu,  Rama, 
Krishna, Deva and Sonu. 

Anshu was sitting third to the right of his daughter 
Rama was sitting on the immediate right of Krishna, whose husband was the brother of Rama. 
Anshu and Sonu were immediate neighbours. 
Deva was not an immediate neighbour of Anshu’s son. 
Deva was sitting at the left end and the mother of Deva is Krishna, who was the wife of Anshu. 
Rama and Anshu were immediate neighbours. 

41.  How is Deva related to the person who sits in the middle of the row? 

A. Brother 

B. Sister 

C. Daughter 

D. Son   

E. None of these 

42.  How is Anshu related to the person who sits second to the left of Sonu? 

A. Mother 

B. Father 

C. Brother 

D. Sister 

E. None of these 

43. 

If  the  positions  of  Rama  and  Sonu  are  interchanged,  then who  among  the  following 
sits on the immediate left of Sonu’s father? 

A. Krishna 

B. Deva 

C. Rama 

D. Sonu 

E. None of these 

44.  How is Krishna related to Rama? 

A. Daughter 

B. Sister in law  

C. Sister 

D. Wife 

E. None of these 

45.   What is the position of son of Krishna with respect to father of Deva? 

A. Immediate left 

B. Second to the left  C. Immediate right  D. Second to the right          E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 10 

Directions: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Ten  M.P.s  were  sitting  in  two  parallel  rows  containing  five  persons  each  in  such  a  way  that 
there is an equal distance between adjacent  M.P.s. In row 1: Ram, Shyam, Ramu, Damu and 
Sakaram  are  seated  and  all  of  them  are  facing  south,  and  in  row  2:  Anuj,  Manoj,  Tanuj, 
Manush and Tanish are sitting and all of them are facing north. One seat is vacant in each row. 
In the given seating arrangement each M.P. seated in a row faces another M.P. of the other 
row or a vacant seat. All of them had a different constituency a different beverage, viz Agra, 
Mysore, Gwalior, Indore, Thane, Pune, Jaipur, Jabalpur, Shirdi and Patiala. 

Manush sits third to the right of Tanuj and was from Indore. 
Only two M.P.s sit between Manoj and a vacant seat. 
Manoj’s constituency was neither from Thane nor Gwalior. 
Sakaram was not an immediate neighbour of Ramu. 
Shyam was from Patiala. 
The  one  whose  constituency  was  from  Gwalior  faces  the  one  whose  constituency  was  from 
Jabalpur. 
The  one  who  was  from  Gwalior  sits  opposite  the  one,  who  sits  third  to  the  right of  the  one 
who sits opposite to Manush. 
Ramu was not an immediate neighbour of Damu. 
Tanish’s constituency was neither from Thane or Pune nor faces a vacant seat. 
Neither Manush nor Tanuj sits at an extreme end. 
Damu faces Tanuj. 
The vacant seats are not opposite each other 
Ramu  sits  two  places  away  from  Shyam,  who  sits  third  to  the  right  of  the  one  whose 
constituency was from Jaipur. 
The one who was from Shirdi faces the one who was from Indore. 
The M.P.s who was from Agra and Jabalpur sit adjacent to each other. 
The vacant seat of row 1 was not adjacent to Damu. 
Manoj sits at one of the extreme ends. 
The Vacant seat of row 1 is not opposite Manush and it is not at any of the extreme ends. 

46.  Which of the following statements is true regarding Anuj? 

A. Anuj sits second to the right of Tanish. 
C. Anuj sits third to the left of Tanuj.  
E. None of these. 

B. Anuj is not an immediate neighbour of Manush. 
D. Anuj sits at one of the extreme ends of the line. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
47.  Who sits diagonally opposite to the one whose constituency is Pune? 

A. The one who sits on the immediate left of the one whose constituency is Shirdi. 
B. The one who faces the vacant seat in row 2. 
C. The one whose constituency is Jaipur 
D. The one who faces the person whose constituency is Mysore 
E. None of these 

48. 

If Sakaram is related to the vacant seat of row 1 in the same way as Tanish is related 
to Anuj, then following the same pattern, the vacant seat of row 2 is related to who 
among the following? 

A. Manoj 

B. Damu 

C. Tanuj 

D. Anuj  

E. None of these 

49.  Which of the following is the constituency of Tanish? 

A. Patiala 

B. Mysore 

C. Gwalior 

D. Jabalpur 

E. None of these 

50.   Who sits second to the right of the one who faces the vacant seat of row 2? 

A. The one whose constituency is Indore 
B. The one whose constituency is Patiala 
C. The one whose constituency is Mysore 
D. The one whose constituency is Agra 
E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 11 

Directions: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Amit,  Bholu,  Chitresh,  Dimple,  Esha  and  Farhan  are  six  persons  who  have  joined  6  different 
banks  viz.  -  ICICI  Bank,  Axis  Bank,  City  Bank,  HDFC  Bank,  Kotak  Mahindra,  and  Yes  Bank  by 
scoring different marks in the written exam of a maximum of 300 marks. (Marks are in integer 
value) They all are sitting around a circle facing the centre with equal distance. 
Chitresh is second to the right of the person who joined Kotak Mahindra, whose score is 169 
marks which were the third lowest marks out of the 6 students. Amit is to the immediate left 
of the person who is opposite to the person who joined Yes Bank, who is not near to Farhan. 
Bholu scored the 2nd highest marks and did not join HDFC but is 2nd to the left of the person, 
who scored 174 marks. Dimple is seated opposite to one who joined HDFC. Dimple is not near 
to Bholu. Esha has not scored the lowest marks. Chitresh is to the immediate left of the one 
who  joined  Yes  Bank  and  Chitresh  scored  170  marks.  The  person  who  joined  Axis  Bank  is 
second to the left of the one who scored 172 marks. The person who joined ICICI did not score 
the  highest  marks.  One  of  the  six  students  scored  which  was  a  prime  number.  The  lowest 
scored marks were 164. 

51.  Who amongst the following is working with ICICI Bank?  

A. Dimple  

B. Esha  

C. Chitresh  

D. Amit  

E. None of these 

52. 

Four  of  the  following  five  are  alike  in  a  certain  way  based  on  the  given  seating 
arrangement  and  thus  form  a  group,  who  is  the  one  that  does  not  belong  to  that 
group? 

A. Amit 

B. Bholu 

C. Chitresh 

D. Dimple  

E. Esha 

53.  Who is seated between Dimple and the person from Kotak Mahindra? 

A. Esha  

B. Amit  

C. Chitresh 

D. None  

E. None of these 

54.  Which of the following is true regarding the given information? 

A. Farhan is from Kotak Mahindra and seated immediate right of the person who is opposite to the person 
who joined City Bank.  
B. Amit is from Axis Bank and scored 174 marks and is opposite to Chitresh. 
C. Esha is from ICICI and is to the immediate right of Bholu 
D. Chitresh scored 170 marks and is opposite to one who joined City Bank.   
E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
55.   Which  of  the  following  order  of  persons  as  per  their  marks  obtained  in  descending 

order is true? 

A. Amit > Bholu > Chitresh > Dimple > Esha > Farhan 
B. Amit > Bholu > Chitresh > Farhan > Esha > Dimple 
C. Amit > Bholu > Esha > Chitresh > Farhan > Dimple 
D. Amit > Bholu > Chitresh > Esha > Farhan > Dimple 
E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 12 

Directions: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Eight students A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H of class 5th are sitting in a row for getting a photograph 
clicked. They all are having a card in their pocket with a different number viz. 3, 5, 7, 14, 11, 
15, 18 and 20 written on it not necessarily in the same order. 

F is sitting third to the right of B, who is having card on which the written no. is half of the no. 
written on H’s card who is sitting second to the left of F. One who is having card on which 5th 
multiple no. of that number which is written on a card of another student is sitting fifth from 
the left end of the row. G is immediate neighbour of F. Person having smallest prime no. card 
is  sitting  second  to  the  left  of  one  whose  card  no.  if  subtracted  from  the  card  no.  of  his 
immediate right neighbour who is C, the resultant will be equal to the card no. of D. A is having 
card on which second lowest no. is written and is sitting to the immediate right of one having 
card on which second highest no. is written. A is second to the right of F and is not sitting at 
any of the extreme end. 

56. 

A. D 

Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and thus forms a group. Find the 
one which does not belong to that group? 

B. B 

C. C 

D. A 

E. G 

57.  What is the no. written on the card of E? 

A. 5 

58. 

B. 15 

C. 20 

D. 3 

E. None of these 

Find the product of card no. of G and the person who is sitting to the immediate left of 
B? 

A. 100   

B. 45 

C. 210   

D. 54 

E. None of these 

59.  Find the difference between the card number of E and card no. of C? 

A. 9 

B. 13 

C. 4 

D. 7 

E. None of these 

60.  Who is sitting to the immediate left of A? 

A. D 

B. G 

C. F 

D. B 

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 13 

Directions: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Eight friends namely Aachman, Sajal, Neha, Raheem, Lovely,  Pramod, Rajneet and Megha of 
St. Xavier’s college decided to go for dinner after summiting their final project report to the 
project head of their college. In a multi cuisine restaurant they all are sitting around a circular 
table but not necessarily in the same order. Before starting dinner they decided to play a game 
for which four of them are facing the centre, while four of them are not facing the centre. Not 
more than two persons facing the same directions can sit together. 

Raheem is not an immediate neighbor of Sajal. Pramod is an immediate neighbor of Raheem. 
Neha is an immediate neighbor of Rajneet, who sits second to the left of  Aachman. Sajal sits 
third to the right of Megha. Lovely is not facing the centre. Both the immediate neighbours of 
Lovely  are  facing  the  centre.  Megha  sits  second  to  the  right  of  Lovely.  Both  the  immediate 
neighbours of Raheem are not facing the centre. The one who is opposite Aachman is facing 
the  centre.  Raheem  sits  on  the  immediate  left  of  Lovely.  Both  the  immediate  neighbours  of 
Sajal are facing the same direction. 

61.  Which of the following statements is true?   

A. Aachman is not facing the centre.   
B. Raheem is on the immediate right of Lovely 
C. Neha sits exactly between Sajal and Rajneet and is facing outward. 
D. Sajal sits opposite Megha 
E. None of these 

62.  How many persons are there between Aachman and Neha (when counted in clockwise 

direction from Aachman)? 

A. One   

B. Three 

C. Two   

D. Four  

E. None of these 

63. 

Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and hence form a group. Which is 
the one that does not belong to that group? 

A. Raheem, Aachman  B. Rajneet, Sajal 

C. Aachman, Sajal 

D. Pramod, Sajal 

 E. Lovely, Megha 

64.  Who among the following sits third to the right of the one who is on the immediate 

left of Megha ? 

A. Neha 

B. Pramod 

C. Raheem 

D. Rajneet 

E. None of these 

65.   Who among the following sits on the immediate right of Megha? 

A. Raheem 

B. Sajal  

C. Aachman 

D. Rajneet 

E. None of these 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 14 

Directions: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

In a society meeting eight persons  – P,  Q, R, S, T, U, V and  W were  seated in a  straight line 
facing the north. They have different house numbers  – 15, 28, 30, 40, 45, 65, 80 and 90 not 
necessarily in the same order. It is further known that: 
Difference  between  T  and  P's  house  number  is  equal  to  the  difference  between  Q  and  U's 
house number. 
Not more than 3 persons have house number less than Q. 
Not more than 2 persons have house number more than P. 
T’s house number was twice of V. 
Q is seated to the immediate right of the person whose house number was 65. 
P is seated to the immediate right of T who is 3rd to the left of one whose house number was 
45. 
Three persons seated to the right of V had house numbers less than him. 
House numbers of R and Q together was equal to house number of V. 
One whose house number was 28 was seated to the immediate left of the one whose house 
number was 40. 
Q and U were seated at a gap of 1 person. 
S and U were not seated together. 

66.  Who among the following was seated at the extreme left end of the row?   

A. P 

B. Q 

C. R 

D. S 

E. None of these 

67.  Which of the following numbers can be multiplied with 3 to obtain the house no. of 

Q? 

A. 30 

B. 15 

C. 10 

D. 5 

E. None of these 

68.  Who  among  the  following  has  house  number  equal  to  the  average  of  the  house 

numbers of T and U? 

A. V 

B. S 

C. Q 

D. W 

E. None of these 

69.  Who  among  the  following  has  house  number  equal  to  the  average  of  the  house 

numbers of R and V? 

A. P 

B. U 

C. W 

D. Q 

E. None of these 

70.   How many persons were seated between Q and S? 

A. None 

B. One  

C. Two  

D. Three 

E. None of these 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 15 

Directions: Read the given information carefully and answer the questions given beside: 

Abhay, Bindu, Chitra, Dimpy, Eshan, Fateh, Gopal and Harish are eight friends sitting around a 
circular  table.  Four  of  them  are  facing  away  from  the  center  and  four  of  them  are  facing 
towards  the  centre.  Each  of  them  have  a  different  car-  Maruti,  Chrysler,  Honda,  BMW, 
Chevrolet, Mercedes, Volvo and Volkswagen but not necessarily in the same order. All the cars 
are of different colours viz. White, Blue, Orange, Pink, Green, Purple, Yellow and Red but not 
necessarily in the same order.  

Eshan faces towards the centre and have a White colour car. Both the immediate neighbors of 
Eshan face away from the center and have either Orange or Pink colour car. Dimpy faces away 
from  the  center  and  she  has  a  Maruti  car.  Both  the  immediate  neighbours  of  Dimpy  do  not 
face away from the centre. Eshan sits third to the right of Fateh, who has a green colour car 
and  faces  away  from  the  centre.  Chitra  sits  third  to  the  left  of  Fateh.  The  one  who  has  an 
Orange  colour  car  sits  opposite  to  Fateh.  The  one  who  has  Blue  colour  car  is  not  the 
immediate neighbour of Fateh and faces away from the centre. Abhay sits second to the left of 
Chitra and he have neither Yellow nor Red colour car. The one who has a Yellow colour car sits 
between Harish and Fateh. Bindu faces away from the centre, and have Chrysler car which is 
not of Blue colour. Eshan has Volvo car. The person who has BMW car sits opposite to Dimpy. 
Honda  car  is  of  purple  colour.  The  person  who  has  Volkswagen  car  is  not  near  to  Gopal  or 
Eshan. Chitra faces the person who has Mercedes car. 

71.  Which of the following is Dimpy’s position with respect to Eshan?  

A. Fourth to the left 
D. Second to the right  

 B. Third to the right    
E. None of these 

C. Second to the left    

72. 

Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and thus form a group. Which one 
of the following does not belong to that group? 

A. Gopal 

B. Harish 

C. Eshan 

D. Chitra 

E. Abhay 

73. 

Fateh has which of the following car? 

A. Chevrolet 

B. Volvo 

C. Mercedes 

D. BMW 

E. None of these 

74.  Who among following has Purple colour car? 

A. Eshan 

B. Fateh 

C. Bindu 

D. Abhay 

E. None of these 

75.   Who  among  following  is  sitting  to  the  immediate  right  of  the  one  who  is  having 

Orange colour car? 

A. Bindu 

B. Harish 

C. Chitra  

D. Dimpy  

E. None of these 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 16 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

O, P, Q, R, S, T and U are sitting in a straight line all facing north direction, but not necessarily 
in the same order. 

There is only one person sitting between T and Q. S sits between O and R. There are only two 
persons between S and U. T sits on the immediate left of O, who sits in the middle of the row. 

76.  Which of the following pairs of person are sitting at the extreme ends? 

A. U, P  

B. R, Q  

C. P, Q  

D. O, T  

E. None of these 

77.  Which of the following persons is sitting between O and R? 

A. S 

B. P 

C. Q 

D. U 

E. None of these 

78.  Which of the following statements is incorrect? 

A. Q is second to the left of T.  
C. O and S are immediate neighbours of T.  D. R is immediate left of P 
E. None of these 

B. P is second to the right of S. 

79.  Which of the following person is sitting third to the left of R? 

A. Q 

B. T 

C. P 

D. O 

E. None of these 

80.   How many persons are sitting between Q and S? 

A. Only one 

B. None 

C. Two  

D. Three 

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 17 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

12 people of a social group are sitting around a rectangular table. 6 are sitting at inner edge 
and 6 are sitting at outer edge. Out of 6 at each edge, 2 are sitting at each longer side and 1 is 
sitting at each shorter side. People on outer edge and inner edge are facing each other. 

Vida’s age is 2 years more than half of the Sasha’s age and she is sitting on a longer side of the 
inside edge and facing north. 
Sara is sitting opposite to Alan who is 18 years old. 
Kate is sitting on a shorter side and opposite to Mark, who is facing west and 23 years old. 
Mario is sitting on a shorter side of inside edge and he is six years older than Alan. 
Betty is on the right seat of a longer side of outer edge and she is oldest person on the table 
with 35 years of age. 
Scott is sitting on left corner of the longer side of outer edge and his age is 6 years more than 
half of the age of Sara. 
Sasha is sitting opposite to the Kay who is on the right side of the person sitting opposite to 
Angela. 
Kate is 12 years older than Scott. 
Difference in ages of Vida and Angela is a multiple of seven, where Angela is older than Vida. 
Alan is 4 year younger than Scott and he is sitting on the longer side of outer edge. 
Kay and Sara both are of equal age and both are facing on the same direction. 
Adam is 24 years old and his age is average of ages of Scott, Vida, Sasha and Angela. 

81.  Who among the following is 30 years old?   

A. Vida  

B. Kate  

C. Angela 

D. Sasha 

E. None of these 

82.  Who among the following sits opposite to one who is 16 years old? 

A. Alan  

B. Betty 

C. Scott 

D. Sasha 

E. Kate 

83. 

A. 5 

Find the absolute difference of the ages of Betty and Kate? 

B. 3 

C. 4 

D. 1 

E. Either 1 or 3 

84.  Find the sum of the ages of Vida and Sasha? 

A. 44 

B. 50 

C. 40 

D. 45 

E. Either 44 or 50 

85.   Four of the following five are alike in a certain way as per the given arrangement and 

hence form a group. Which of the following does not belongs to that group? 

A. Mark 

B. Kate  

C. Mario 

D. Adam 

E. Kay 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 18 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Seven persons Aaron, Sheldon, Grant, Penny, Oliver, Cody and Sophia were participating in a 
running competition on the sports day. Initially, before the race started they were standing in 
a row facing north not necessarily in the same order. The distance between each runner was a 
successive multiple of 7 (integral values). 

The distance between Sophia and Penny was half the Distance between Aaron and Cody. 
Sheldon  and  Aaron  were  168m  apart  and  either  3  or  less  than  3  persons  were  standing  in 
between them. 
Sheldon was to the immediate right of Penny. 
Penny and Grant were 91m apart. 
Oliver was 133m to the left of Cody. 
Grant moves for 50 m in South direction, takes a left turn, moves for 105 m, takes a left and 
moves for 20 m and stops at point R. 
Sophia moves for 40 m in South direction, takes a left turn, moves for 70 m, takes a left turn, 
moves for 10 m and stops at point P. 
Referee Walter is standing 77 m west of point R. If he moves 63m towards west and he will be 
at point Q. 

86.  How many person(s) sit to the right of Aaron? 

A. 1 

87. 

B. 2 

C. 3 

D. Either 1 or 2 

E. Either 2 or 3 

If  referee  start  moving  towards  north  and  moves  for  30m  and  stops  point  T.  then 
which of the following statements is/are true about point T? 

A. Point T is exactly in the mid of Grant and Oliver.   
C. Point T is 14m east from Sheldon.   
E. All are true. 

B. Point T is 35m west from Oliver. 
D. Point T is exactly in the mid of Sophia and Oliver. 

88.  What is the distance between Aaron and Grant? 

A. 126m 

B. 119m 

C. 133m 

D. 105m 

E. 98m 

89.  What is the direction of point Q with respect to Cody? 

A. North-East   

B. North-West  

C. South-East   

D. South-West            E. Can’t be Determined 

90.   What is the distance between point P and point R? 

A. 140m 

B. 154m 

C. 161m 

D. 168m 

E. 175m 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 19 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight persons Vikas, Sanjeev, Ranveer, Anand, Sanjay, Maneet , shipra and Kunal are sitting in 
a  circle  facing  the  centre.  All  of  them  like  a  different  sweets  –  Gulabjamun,  Rasgulla,  Jalebi, 
Pinni,  Ghevar  ,  Kheer,  Peeda  and  Sheera.  They  are  not  necessarily  seated  in  the  mentioned 
order. 

  The  one  likes  Rasgulla  is  to  the  immediate  right  of  Sanjay  and  Sanjay  does  not  like 

Gulabjamun. 

  Sanjeev is sitting fourth to the right of Kunal. 
  Maneet  likes  Pinni and is sitting third to the right of the one who likes Rasgulla. 
  The one who likes Kheer is sitting second to the left of the one who likes Pinni. 
  The one who likes Peda is sitting second to the left of Sanjay. 
  Vikas who likes Jalebi is sitting exactly between Maneet and Kunal. 
  The one who likes Ghevar is sitting second to the right of the one who likes Jalebi. 
  Ranveer is sitting third to the left of Maneet. 
  Sanjay is sitting third to the left of shipra. 
  Neither Sanjeev nor Kunal is an immediate neighbour of Sanjay. 

91.  How  many  people  are  sitting  between  Kunal  and  Ranveer  when  counted  in  an  anti-

clockwise direction from Ranveer? 

A. One  

B. Two  

C. Three 

D. More than three 

E. None 

92.  What is Vikas’s position with respect to Sanjeev? 

A. Third to the right  B. Second to the right C. Third to the left 

D. Second to the left 

  E. Fourth to the right 

93.  Who amongst the following likes Gulabjamun? 

A. Shipra 

B. Anand 

C. Ranveer 

D. Sanjeev 

E. None of these 

94.  Which  one  of  the  following  statements  is  false  according  to  the  above  mentioned 

arrangement? 

A. Ranveer is to the immediate right of the one who likes Sheera 
B. The one who likes Jalebi is third to the right of the one who likes Kheer 
C.  The  one  who  likes  Rasgulla  is  sitting  exactly  between  the  one  who  likes  Sheera  and  the  one  who  likes 
Ghevar 
D. Anand neither likes Pinni nor Sheera 
E. There are only three persons between Vikas and Ranveer 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
95.  Four of the following five pairs are alike in a certain way based on their positions in 
the above arrangement and so form a group. Which of the following does not belong 
to the group? 

A. Pinni- Peda   

B. Sheera – Kheer 

C. Gulabjamun-Jalebi   

D. Rasgulla- Ghevar  E. Kheer-Pinni  

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 20 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

There are two parallel rows with a sitting capacity of six on each side but only five people are 
sitting in each row keeping one seat vacant in each row. In row-1, Ravi, Rahul, Aakash, Mohit 
and  Manish  are  sitting  and  facing  south.  In  row-2,  Abhinav,  Rakesh,  Abhishek,  Tapash  and 
Raman are sitting and facing north. All of them like a different fruit, i.e. Mango, Banana, Apple, 
Guava, Kiwi, Orange, Pear, Litchi, Berry and Cherry. 

Raman sits third to the right of Rakesh and likes Guava. Only two people sit between Abhinav 
and the vacant seat. Abhinav does not like Kiwi or Apple. Manish is an immediate neighbor of 
Aakash. Rahul likes Cherry. The one who  likes Apple faces the one who likes Litchi. The one 
who likes Apple sits opposite the one who sits third right of the one who sits opposite Raman. 
Aakash  is  not  an  immediate  neighbor  of  Mohit.  Tapash,  who  likes  neither  Kiwi  nor  Orange, 
does not face the vacant seat. Neither Raman nor Rakesh sits at the extreme ends. 

Mohit  faces  Rakesh.  Vacant  seats  are  not  opposite  each  other.  Two  persons  sit  between 
Tapash and Abhishek. The one who likes Berry faces the one who likes Guava. The person who 
likes Mango and Litchi are adjacent to each other. The vacant seat of row one is not adjacent 
of Mohit. Abhinav sits at one of the extreme ends. Rakesh does not like Mango and Litchi. The 
Vacant seat of row one does not face Raman and also it is not at the extreme ends. Abhishek is 
an  immediate  neighbor  of  Raman,  who  faces  the  person  who  likes  Berry.    Rahul  faces  the 
vacant seat in row-2 and sits third to the right of Aakash. Aakash likes Pear. 

96.  Who sits second to the right of the one who faces vacant seat of row one?  

A. Rahul 

B. Aakash 

C. Manish 

D. Abhinav 

E. None of these 

97.  Which of the following fruits does Tapash like? 

A. Apple 

B. Kiwi  

C. Banana 

D. Guava 

E. None of these 

98.  Ravi  is  related  to  the  vacant  seat  of  row  1  in  the  same  way  as  Tapash  is  related  to 
Abhishek. So the vacant seat of row two is related to who among the following? 

A. Aakash 

B. Raman 

C. Abhinav 

D. Rahul 

E. None of these 

99.  Who sits diagonally opposite the one who likes Orange? 

A. Manish 

B. Raman 

C. Ravi  

D. Rahul 

E. None of these 

100.   Which of the following is true regarding Abhishek? 

A. Rakesh is sitting second to the right of Abhishek.  
C. Abhishek faces Aakash. 
E. None of these 

B. Raman is sitting second to the left of Abhishek. 
D. Abhishek is facing the vacant seat of row one. 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 21 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

A family of eight members - A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H are seated in a straight line with an equal 
distance between them, but not necessarily in the same order. Some of them are facing north 
and some are facing south. This family is having three generations. 

C’s daughter is an immediate neighbor of one who is sitting at an extreme end of the line. Only 
three people sit between G and his wife. B’s daughter sits second to the right of A’s brother-in-
law.  C’s  granddaughter  does  not  sit  at  an  extreme  end  of  the  line.  A’s  mother  sits  on  the 
immediate  left  of  her  son.  C’s  wife  is  not  an  immediate  neighbor  of  E’s  husband.  The 
immediate neighbors of E’s brother face opposite directions. (i.e. If one neighbor faces north 
then other faces south and vice versa.) 

The persons sitting at the extreme ends face opposite directions.(i.e. If one person faces north 
then other faces south and vice versa.) H’s daughter-in-law sits second to the left of E’s father-
in-law. F faces north. F is not an immediate neighbor of D’s aunt. The immediate neighbours of 
F face same directions.(i.e. If one neighbor faces north then other also faces north and if one 
neighbor  faces  south  then  other  also  faces  south).Both  E  and  B  face  a  direction  opposite  to 
that of D.(i.e. If D faces north then E and B faces south and vice-versa.) E is the only daughter 
of C. H is female member and F is male member. 

101.  Which of the following statements is not true with respect to B? 

A. B faces south. 
D. B is between E and D. 

B. B is fourth to the right of A. 
E. All are true. 

C. B is second to left of F. 

102.  How many people sit to the left of G? 

A. One  

B. Two  

C. Three 

D. Four  

E. None of these 

103.  What is the position of D with respect to A? 

A. Immediate left  
D. Fourth to left  

B. Third to left  
E. None of these 

C. Third to right  

104.  Who among following is the grandmother of D? 

A. E 

B. A 

C. H 

D. C 

E. None of these 

105.   Four of the given five are alike in a certain way based on the given arrangement and 

hence form a group. Which of the following does not belong to that group? 

A. C 

B. D 

C. A 

D. F 

E. G 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 22 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Ten  Friends  Harish,  Ratan,  Manish,  Arpit,  Vivek,  Daya,  Rajan,  Aman,  Sachin  and  Rohit  are 
seated in two rows facing each other. 5 of them are facing north and 5 are facing south but not 
necessarily in the same order. The arrangement is based on the following rules: 

Harish is seated 3rd to the right of Arpit. 
Ratan is to the immediate right of the person who is sitting in front of Arpit . 
Arpit and Vivek are the immediate neighbours of Sachin. 
Rajan is 4th to the left of the person who is in front of Aman. 
Aman is 2nd to the left of Rohit. 
Manish is facing the north and is seated to the left of Daya. 

106.  Who among the following is in front of Rajan? 

A. Arpit 

B. Daya  

C. Aman 

D. Ratan 

E. None of these 

107.  Who among the following is sitting second to the left of Daya? 

A. Manish 

B. Vivek 

C. Arpit 

D. Aman 

E. None of these 

108.  How many persons are there between Aman and Ratan? 

A. 0 

B. 1 

C. 2 

D. 3 

           E. Can't be determined 

109.  Who among the following persons is/are sitting at the extreme end of the row? 

A. Vivek 
D. Either Vivek or Arpit 

B. Arpit 

C. Ratan 
E. Either Arpit or Rohit 

110.   Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and so form a group. Which is the 

one that doesn’t belong to the group? 

A. Vivek 

B. Rohit 

C. Sachin 

D. Manish 

E. Arpit 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 23 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

A  group  of  five  boys  viz.  Saurabh,  Vinod,  Ramesh,  Yogi  and  Raj  and  a  group  of  five  girls  viz. 
Soniya,  Madhu,  Poonam,  Gomti  and  Kusha  are  standing  in  two  separate  rows  facing  each 
other but not necessarily in the same order. The group of boys is facing north. 

Raj  is  not  at  any  of  the  ends.  Ramesh  is  to  the  immediate  right  of  Vinod  and  Yogi  is  to  the 
immediate left of Saurabh, who is facing Soniya. There are as many girls between Soniya and 
Madhu  as  between  Poonam  and  Gomti.  Saurabh  is  second  to  the  left  of  Vinod,  Gomti  and 
Poonam are not facing either Vinod or Yogi. 

111.  Which one of the following is third to the right of Yogi? 

A. Ramesh 

B. Raj 

C. Vinod 

D. Cannot be determined    E. None of these 

112.  Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and thus form a group. Which one of 

the following does not belong to that group?  

A. Yogi – Saurabh 

B. Madhu – Gomti 

C. Poonam – Madhu  D. Kusha – Poonam  E. Raj – Vinod 

113.  Which one of the following is positioned in front of Vinod? 

A. Madhu 

B. Kusha 

C. Poonam 

D. Gomti 

E. None of these 

114.  Which of the following are positioned at corners? 

A. Kusha – Ramesh 

B. Soniya – Vinod 

C. Madhu – Yogi 

D. Gomti - Poonam 

E. None of these 

115.   Who is positioned between Poonam and Gomti? 

A. Soniya 

B. Madhu 

C. Kusha 

D. Cannot be determined    E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 24 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

A  meeting  is  fixed  for  finalizing  the  house  captains  of  Symboyzia  public  school.  Principal, 
director,  vice  principal  and  senior  teachers  namely  -  Aarti,  Shweta,  Kavya,  Ram,  Shyam, 
Gajendra,  Amisha  and  Hakim  (not  necessarily  in  the  same  order)  sit  around  a  circular  table 
facing the Centre. Neither two males nor two females can be immediate neighbours. 

Aarti is wife of Hakim. Aarti sits third to the left of Shyam. Gajendra sits second to the right of 
Ram. Ram is not an immediate neighbour of Aarti or Shyam. Hakim and Kavya are immediate 
neighbours of each other. Gajendra is not an immediate neighbour of his wife Shweta. (In the 
given information the names mentioned do not suggest the genders in any way.) 

116.  Who sits third to the left of Shweta?  

A. Kavya 

B. Hakim  

C. Shyam 

D. Ram  

E. None of these 

117.  How many people sit between Shweta and Gajendra when counted in anti-clockwise 

direction from Shweta? 

A. 4 
118.  Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and so form a group. Which is the 

E. None of these 

D. 2 

B. 5 

C. 3 

one that does not belong to that group? 

A. Gajendra 

B. Shyam 

C. Ram  

D. Hakim 

E. Kavya 

119.  Who sits to the immediate right of Ram? 

A. Gajendra 

B. Aarti  

C. Amisha 

D. Shweta 

E. None of these 

120.   Who sits between Amisha and Aarti? 

A. Gajendra 

B. Hakim 

C. Kavya 

D. Cannot be determined    E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 25 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight friends namely - Akansha, Babita, Cheena, Diksha, Eshan, Farhan, Gopal and Piyush are 
sitting  in  a  straight  line  equidistant  from  each  other  (but  not  necessary  in  the  same  order). 
Some of them are facing north while some are facing south. (Note: Facing the same direction 
means if one is facing north then the other is also facing north and if one is facing south then 
the other is also facing south. Facing the opposite directions means if one is facing north then 
the other is facing south and vice versa.) 

Farhan  sits  third  to  the  right  of  Akansha.  Farhan  sits  at  one  of  the  extreme  ends.  Eshan  sits 
third to the left of Akansha. Both the immediate neighbours of Cheena face north. Gopal is not 
an immediate neighbour of Akansha. The persons sitting at the extreme ends face the same 
direction.  Both  the  immediate  neighbours  of  Akansha  face  the  direction  opposite  that  of 
Farhan. Both the immediate neighbours of Piyush face opposite directions. Diksha is one of the 
immediate neighbours  of Eshan and is  facing north. Babita sits exactly between  Cheena and 
Farhan.  Not  more  than  four  persons  are  facing  north.  Eshan  sits  on  the  immediate  right  of 
Diksha. 

121.  Who among the following sits third to the left of Gopal? 

A. Diksha 

B. Cheena 

C. Akansha 

D. Babita 

E. None of these 

122.  Which of the following pairs are the immediate neighbours of Eshan? 

A. Farhan and Diksha  B. Diksha and Piyush  C. Diksha and Gopal  D. Diksha and Akansha        E. None of these 

123.  How many persons are sitting between Babita and Piyush? 

A. Three 

B. Four  

C. One  

D. Two  

E. None of these 

124.  Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and thus form a group. Which is the 

one that does not belong to that group? 

A. Gopal 

B. Eshan   

C. Piyush 

D. Cheena 

E. Diksha 

125.   Who among the following sits fourth to the right of Cheena? 

A. Gopal 

B. Babita 

C. Akansha 

D. Eshan 

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 26 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight persons namely  - A, B, C, P, Q, R, S and T are sitting around a circular table facing the 
centre, but not necessarily in the same order. There are only three males in the group. 

C sits third to the right of Q. R sits second to the right of her husband T. T is not an immediate 
neighbour  of  Q’s  wife.  The  wife  of  Q  sits  second  to  the  left  of  her  husband.  S  is  not  an 
immediate neighbour of Q. P is a male member. B is not an immediate neighbour of S. No two 
males sit together. 

126.  What is the position of P with respect to T?  

A. Immediate right 

B. Second to the right 

  C. Third to the left 

D. Third to the right 

E. None of these 

127.  Which of the following statements is true? 

A. C is one of the male members of the group. 
C. A is not a male member. 
E. None of these 

B. Both the immediate neighbours of R are females. 
D. S sits third to the right of B. 

128.  Who among the following is wife of Q? 

A. S 

B. C 

C. T 

D. A 

E. None of these 

129.  Which of the following pairs represents the immediate neighbours of P? 

A. A, B   

B. R, T 

C. C, S 

D. S, R 

E. None of these 

130.   Find the total amount collected at the station B on selling all the tickets. 

A. A 

B. R 

C. C 

D. T 

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 27 

Directions: Study the following table chart carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

There are 8 mothers J to Q and 8 children R to Y are sitting on the two circular tables but not 
necessarily in the same order.  The circular tables are such that one is small and second is large 
with small inside the larger one.  The persons sitting on the outer circular table are facing the 
center and the persons sitting on the inner circular table are facing outside the centre. So in 
this way, the mothers are facing the child when they are sitting on the same sides of the table. 
All  the  children  are  aged  from  1  to  8  and  all  the  mothers  are  aged  from  31  to  38.  No  two 
children  or  two  mothers  are  adjacent  to  each  other  in  either  of  the  circle.  All  the  above 
information is not necessarily in the same order. 

The  one,  whose  age  is  38  doesn’t  face  inside  the  circle.  L’s  son  is  neither  S  nor  U  and  he  is 
youngest among eight children. Only three people sit between T’s mother and K, whose age is 
34. J is the mother of the child, whose age is 3. N is older than Q and both of them ages are 
prime numbers. M doesn’t face inside the circle and L’s age is divisible by 11. N is the mother 
of X, whose age is 6 and sits on the immediate left of P’s child. T is the daughter of O, whose 
age is perfect square and sits on the immediate right of V’s mother. U is Younger than S and 
difference between the age is 2. U’s mother is not M. S; who is not an immediate neighbor of 
L. R is the child of P and faces inside the circle. R’s age is divisible by 5. Only one person sits 
between  W’s  mother  and  Q,  whose  child  is  V,  whose  age  is  perfect  cube.  Three  persons  sit 
between N’s child and W, whose age is half of X. 

131.  Who  among  the  following  pairs  represent  the  oldest  and  the  youngest  mother 

respectively? 

A. Only Q and N 

B. Only J and P  

C. Only P and Q 

D. Only Q and K          E. Can’t be determined 

132.  Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and hence form a group. Which of 

the following does not belong to the group? 

A. R 

B. S 

C. Y 

D. T 

E. U 

133.  What is the sum of the ages of W’s mother and O’s child? 

A. 36 

B. 39 

C. 44 

D. 42 

           E. Can’t be determined 

134.  Who among the following represent the children of M and K respectively? 

A. U and S 

B. Y and S 

C. X and Y 

D. S and U 

E. None of the above 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
135.   Who among the following are the immediate neighbours of the one, whose age is 4? 

A. The one, whose age is 33 and the one whose age is 35 
B. The one, whose age is 32 and the one whose age is 37 
C. The one, whose age is 31 and the one whose age is 35 
D. The one, whose age is 37 and the one whose age is 38 
E. None of the above 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 28 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight friends namely - Akansha, Babita, Cheena, Diksha, Eshan, Farhan, Gopal and Piyush are 
sitting  in  a  straight  line  equidistant  from  each  other  (but  not  necessary  in  the  same  order). 
Some of them are facing north while some are facing south. (Note: Facing the same direction 
means if one is facing north then the other is also facing north and if one is facing south then 
the other is also facing south. Facing the opposite directions means if one is facing north then 
the other is facing south and vice versa.) 

Farhan  sits  third  to  the  right  of  Akansha.  Farhan  sits  at  one  of  the  extreme  ends.  Eshan  sits 
third to the left of Akansha. Both the immediate neighbours of Cheena face north. Gopal is not 
an immediate neighbour of Akansha. The persons sitting at the extreme ends face the same 
direction.  Both  the  immediate  neighbours  of  Akansha  face  the  direction  opposite  that  of 
Farhan. Both the immediate neighbours of Piyush face opposite directions. Diksha is one of the 
immediate neighbours of Eshan and is  facing north. Babita sits exactly between  Cheena and 
Farhan.  Not  more  than  four  persons  are  facing  north.  Eshan  sits  on  the  immediate  right  of 
Diksha. 

136.  Who among the following sits third to the left of Gopal? 

A. Diksha 

B. Cheena 

C. Akansha 

D. Babita 

E. None of these 

137.  Which of the following pairs are the immediate neighbours of Eshan? 

A. Farhan and Diksha  B. Diksha and Piyush  C. Diksha and Gopal  D. Diksha and Akansha     E. None of these 

138.  How many persons are sitting between Babita and Piyush? 

A. Three 

B. Four  

C. One  

D. Two  

E. None of these 

139.  Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and thus form a group. Which is 

the one that does not belong to that group? 

A. Gopal 

B. Eshan   

C. Piyush 

D. Cheena 

E. Diksha 

140.   Who among the following sits fourth to the right of Cheena? 

A. Gopal 

B. Babita 

C. Akansha 

D. Eshan 

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 29 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Nine  persons  –  Chaya,  Dimple,  Beena,  Ajit,  Jaya,  Fatima,  Gagan,  Hemant  and  Kaushal  –  are 
sitting in a straight line facing north, but not necessarily in the same order. 

Beena is fourth to the left of Gagan; Fatima is fourth to the right of Chaya and second to the 
left of Kaushal, who is fifth to the right of Ajit. Dimple is not an immediate neighbour of either 
Kaushal or Beena. There are only three persons between Jaya and Ajit. Gagan is second to the 
right of Chaya. 

141.  In  which  of  the  following  combinations  is  the  third  person  sitting  between  the  first 

and the second person?   

A. Jaya, Kaushal, Beena 
D. Fatima, Gagan, Dimple 

B. Chaya, Hemant, Beena 
E. None of these 

C. Ajit, Gagan, Chaya 

142.  Who among the following sits third to the right of Hemant? 

A. Gagan 

B. Dimple 

C. Jaya  

D. Beena 

E. None of these 

143.  Who among the following sits third to the left of Jaya? 

A. Kaushal 

B. Gagan 

C. Dimple 

D. Beena 

E. None of these 

144.  Who among the following sit at the extreme ends of the line? 

A. Ajit, Dimple  

B. Hemant, Jaya 

C. Kaushal, Beena 

D. Chaya, Kaushal 

E. None of these 

145.   If Kaushal and Hemant exchange their places, then who among the following sits on 

the immediate right of Kaushal? 

A. Chaya 

B. Jaya  

C. Beena 

D. Ajit   

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 30 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Fourteen numbers – 11 to 24 are written in two parallel rows such that numbers from 11 to 17 
are written in row 1 facing towards south direction and numbers from 18 to 24 are written in 
the row 2 such that all are facing towards north direction. Each number written in the row 1 
faces the number written in row 2. 

11 is written third to the right of 12 such that either 12 or 11 is written at the end of the row. 
19 is written third to the right of 20. Neither 19 nor 20 face 11 and 12. The one which faces 13 
is written third to the right of 18. None of the immediate neighbours 12 Faces 20. 13 is written 
third to the left of 16. 20 does not face 16. One of the immediate neighbours of 16 Faces 22, 
which  is  not  written  at  the  end  of  the  row.  14  is  not  the  immediate  neighbour  of  13.  17  is 
written on the left of 15 but not on the immediate left. 21 does not face 17 and 13. 24 does 
not face 13. 23 and 24 are immediate neighbours. 15 is not written at the end of the row. 14 
does not face 21. 

146.  Which of the following numbers is written third to the right of one which faces 23? 

A. 11 

B. 16 

C. 17 

D. 14 

E. None of these 

147.  How many number(s) are written on the right of 15? 

A. None 

B. One  

C. Two  

D. Three 

E. More than three 

148.  Which of the following numbers is written in front of 21? 

A. 17 

B. 12 

C. 11 

D. 14 

E. None of these 

149.  Which of the following combinations is written at the extreme end of the row? 

A. 11, 23 

B. 21, 17 

C. 15, 19 

D. 14, 19 

E. None of these 

150.  How many numbers are written to the left of 22? 

A. None 

B. One  

C. Two  

D. Three 

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 31 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Ten friends Amol, Darsh, Farhan, Isaac, Jason, Kabir, Laksh, Neel, Samar and Ranbir are sitting 
in two parallel rows. Each row has six seats. Ten people are sitting on ten seats and there are 
two vacant seats. Therefore in the given seating arrangement each member seated in a row 
faces  another  member  of  the  other  row.  In  Row-1,  all  are  facing  south  and  in  Row-2  all  are 
facing  north  direction.  In  each  row  at  least  one  vacant  seat  is  there.  Each  of  them  likes 
different food namely Almond, Bread, Corn, Fish, Gumbo, Hot Dogs, Moose, Ostrich, Reuben 
and Toast. All the above information is not necessarily in the same order. 

Neel sits second to the left of Isaac, who sits opposite to the one who like Reuben. The one 
who like Corn sits second to the right of the one who likes Fish. Jason sits third to the right of 
the  one  who  likes  Toast.  The  one  who  likes  Almond  sits  immediate  right  of  Isaac.  Laksh  sits 
second  to  the  right  of  vacant  seat  of  Row-1.  Ranbir  sits  opposite  to  the  one  who  is  an 
immediate neighbour of Farhan. Two persons sit between the one who likes Reuben and the 
one who likes Moose, who sits at extreme end. Vacant seats are not at the extreme end. The 
one  who  likes  Fish  is  sitting  at  extreme  end.  The  one  who  likes  Corn  and  the  one  who  likes 
Ostrich sit opposite to each other. The one who likes Toast and the one who likes Gumbo sit 
opposite to each other. Samar sits second to the left of Kabir and does not like either Reuben 
or Gumbo. The one who likes Fish and the one who likes Bread sit diagonally opposite to each 
other. Only one person sits between Amol and Ranbir. 

151.  Who sits second to the left of the one who likes Ostrich? 

A. Isaac 

B. Ranbir 

C. Laksh 

D. Neel  

E. Samar 

152.  How many persons sit between the one who like Gumbo and the one who sit opposite 

to Jason? 

A. One  

B. Two  

C. Three 

D. Either Two or Three 

E. None 

153.  Who sits second to the right of the one who sits opposite to the one who like Almond? 

A. Amol 

B. Neel  

C. Farhan 

D. Kabir 

E. Vacant seat 

154.  Which of the combinations of persons are seated in same row? 

A. Jason, Amol, Isaac   
D. Laksh, Neel, Amol 

B. Ranbir, Amol, Laksh 
E. Isaac, Darsh, Farhan 

C. Isaac, Darsh, Samar 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
155.   Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and hence form a group. Which of 

the following does not belong to the group? 

A. Farhan and the one who like Toast 
C. Laksh and the one who like Bread   
E. Jason and the one who like Corn 

B. Isaac and the one who like Ostrich  
D. Kabir and the one who like Almond 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 32 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

8 friends A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H sit around a circular table  facing inside and like basketball, 
football, cricket, badminton, kho kho, table tennis, hockey, and volleyball. 

The one who likes football sit between C and E. H sits 2nd to the right of the friend who likes 
basketball. B is the neighbour of the one who likes basketball. The friend who likes table tennis 
sits opposite to G. E likes cricket and sits immediate right of F. A and D both don’t like either 
badminton  or  table  tennis.    G  likes  kho  kho  and  sits  2nd  to  the  right  of  the  one  who  likes 
volleyball. F doesn’t like football. B likes hockey. 

156.  H likes which game? 

A. Basketball 

B. Football 

C. Badminton   

D. Table Tennis 

E. Volleyball 

157.  Who sits between the one who likes Basketball and the one who likes Football? 

A. G 

B. H 

C. F 

D. E 

E. D 

158.  A likes which game? 

A. Volleyball 

B. Basketball 

C. Football 

D. Table Tennis 

E. Either option A or C 

159.  Who sits 2nd to the right of F? 

A. A 

B. D 

C. F 

D. C 

           E. Can't be determined 

160.  How  many  friend(s)  sit  between  F  and  the  one  who  likes  Football  when  counted  in 

anticlockwise direction from F ? 

A. 1 

B. 2 

C. 3 

D. 4 

E. 5 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 33 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Ten candidates Aravind, Ram, Atal, Arivu, Anbu,  Vernish,  Fazith, Ragu, Nithya and  Aruna are 
seated  in  a  Row  which  contains  twelve  seats.  All  the  people  facing  the  north  direction  and 
there  are  two  vacant  seats.  Each  of  them  likes  different  Banks  to  work  such  as  BOB,  Dena 
Bank,  BOI,  Canara  Bank,  LVB,  Axis  Bank,  RBI,  Corporation  bank,  HDFC  Bank  and  IOB.  All  the 
given information is not necessarily in the same order. 
 Anbu  sits  third  to  the  left  of one  of  the vacant  seats.  The  only  neighbor  of  the  person  who 
likes Corporation Bank sits second to the left of Atal. Arivu sits second to the right of one of 
the vacant seats. Ram does not like IOB. Vernish sits immediate left of the person who likes 
RBI. There is no vacant seat at the extreme ends. The person who likes BOI and Canara Bank 
are immediate neighbors. Aravind sit second to the left of Ram. The person who likes LVB and 
Axis  Bank  are  immediate  neighbors.  Only  one  person  sits  between  Aruna  and  one  of  the 
vacant  seats.  The  person  who  likes  Dena  Bank  and  IOB  are  immediate  neighbors.  Fazith  sits 
third from the left end and likes RBI. The person who likes BOB sits second to the right of one 
of the vacant seat. No person sits between Ram and Aruna. Nithya neither likes IOB nor BOI. 
There is one vacant seat between Ragu and Nithya and no other person sit between them.  No 
person sits between Aravind and Fazith. Five people seated between two vacant seats. Aruna 
is not a neighbor of Anbu. Arivu does not like BOB. Ram is not a neighbor of the vacant seat. 
Vernish  likes  Axis  Bank.  One  of  the  immediate  neighbors  of  Ram  likes  Dena  Bank.  Only  one 
person sits to the left of Vernish. 

161.  Who among the following likes Canara Bank? 

A. Arivu 

B. Nithya 

C. Ragu 

D. Ram  

           E. Can’t be determined 

162.  Who sits third to the right of the person who likes Axis bank? 

A. Aravind 
D. Both A and C 

B. The person who likes RBI  C. The person who likes Corporation Bank 
E. Cannot be determined 

163.  Who among the following sits exactly between the person who likes Corporation Bank 

and the person who likes IOB? 

A. Aruna 
D. Ram  

B. The person who likes BOB  C. The person who likes Dena Bank 
E. None of these 

164.  How many people sit to the right of the person who likes BOI? 

A. None 

B. One  

C. Two  

D. Three 

E. More than three 

165.   Find the odd one out. 

A. Fazith - RBI   

B. Raghu - IOB  

C. Aruna - BOB  

D. Anbu - LVB   

E. Nithya - Dena Bank 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 34 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight friends Hiram, Henry, Sofia, Paul, John, Betty, Rachel and Andrew are reading different 
Sci-Fi novels Fugitive, Killer, Outlaw, Judgement, Shadowfell, Shadowhunters, Legends, Scarlet. 
Four  out  of  eight  novels  are  written  by  one  particular  author  while  rest  four  novels  are  not 
written by the same author. They are sitting around a circular table and but not necessarily in 
same  order  and  reading  novels  but  not  necessarily  in  same  order.  People  who  are  reading 
novel by same author face away from the table while others don’t. 

John is sitting the second position to right of Betty and is reading Legends. Sofia is sitting at the 
second position to the right of Rachel. Paul is reading Judgement and is sitting third position to 
the  right  of  Betty.  Henry  is  reading  Fugitive  and  is  sitting  opposite  to  that  of  Hiram,  who  is 
facing  away  from  the  center.  Betty  is  reading  Shadowfell.    The  person  reading  Legends  is 
sitting at the second position to the left of the person who is reading Shadowhunters. Rachel 
who is reading Outlaw, is sitting at the third position to the right of Henry and is reading one of 
the novels by the same author. Both Paul and Henry are reading novels by same author. Hiram 
is not reading Scarlet. 

166.  What is the position of Paul with respect to Rachel? 

A. Third to the left 
D. Fifth to the right 

B. Second to the right  
E. Fouth to the left 

C. Third to the right 

167.  Who sits third to right of Andrew? 

A. Sofia 

B. Hiram 

C. Rachel 

D. John  

E. Paul 

168.  If  Betty  and  John  interchange  their  positions  and  similarly  Sofia  and  Rachel 
interchange their positions while keeping their new directions same as original ones, 
what is the position of Henry with respect to Rachel? 

A. Fourth to the left 
D. Immediate Left 

B. Fifth to the left 
E. None of these 

C. Second to the left 

169.  Find the odd one out among the following. 

A. Fugitive 

B. Killer 

C. Rachel 

D. Rachel 

E. Andrew 

170.   Which of the following novels is read by the person who sits opposite to Andrew. 

A. Fugitive 

B. Killer 

C. Judgement   

D. Outlaw 

E. Shadow hunters 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 35 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Twelve persons are sitting in two parallel rows containing six persons each, in such a way that 
there is an equal distance between adjacent persons. In row 1 – Joshi, Jaya, Jeet, Jamal, Juber 
and Jina are seated and all of them are facing south. In row 2 – Prem, Pinu, Pal, Punj, Poran 
and  Pooja  are  seated  and  all  of  them  are  facing  north.  Therefore,  in  the  given  seating 
arrangement each member seated in a row faces another member of the other row. 

Only one person sits between Jaya and Jina. Joshi sits third to the left of Juber. Neither Prem 
nor Poran faces Juber or Joshi. Prem does not sit at an extreme end. Jeet does not face Prem 
and Jeet does not sit at an extreme end of the line. Prem sits second to the right of Poran. Only 
one person sits between Pooja and Pal. Neither Joshi nor Juber sit’s at extreme end of the line. 
Pooja is not an immediate neighbour of Pinu and Prem does not face Jina. Neither Pooja nor 
does Pal face Juber. Pal does not sit at the extreme end. 

171.  How many person(s) sit(s) between Juber and Joshi? 

A. None 

B. One  

C. Two  

D. Three 

E. More than three 

172.  Four of the following five are alike in some way and hence form a group. Which of the 

following is the one that does not belong to the group? 

A. Jaya  

B. Poran 

C. Punj  

D. Joshi 

E. Jeet 

173.  Who among the following faces Pinu? 

A. Jaya  

B. Joshi 

C. Jamal 

D. Juber 

E. None of these 

174.  Who among the following sits to the immediate left of the one who faces Punj? 

A. Joshi 

B. Jamal 

C. Jeet   

D. Juber 

E. None of these 

175.  Which of the following statement(s) is/are correct? 

A. Poran faces Jaya  B. Jina sits between Jaya and Jamal 
D. Pal faces Jina 

E. None is correct 

C. Punj sits second to the left of Prem 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 36 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Six  friends  Prakash,  Qadir,  Rithesh,  Surya,  Tarini  and  Umesh  are  sitting  around  the  square 
table.  All  of  them  belong  to  different  profession  among  Engineer,  Doctor,  Scientist,  Banker, 
Lawyer and Teacher but not necessarily in the same order. Some of them are facing inside and 
some of them are facing outside. Four of them are sitting at the corner of the table and two 
are sitting on the opposite edges of the table. Not more than two consecutive sitting persons 
are facing the same direction. 

Tarini,  whose  profession  is  Scientist,  sits  second  to  the  left  of  Qadir  and  to  the  left  person 
whose profession is Lawyer. Qadir sits at corner and facing away from the centre of the table. 
The person sitting to the immediate right of Qadir is sitting at the corner of the table. Umesh, 
who is not the immediate neighbor of Qadir, is facing the person, whose profession is Doctor. 
Surya, whose profession is Teacher, is an immediate neighbor of the person whose, profession 
is Lawyer. Surya is not the immediate neighbor of Tarini. Rithesh is not sitting at the edge of 
the table. The immediate neighbors of Prakash are facing different directions. The one whose 
profession is Scientist is not sitting to the immediate right of the person whose profession is 
Banker.  The  person  whose  profession  is  Banker  does  not  sit  at  the  edge  of  the  table.  The 
person sitting at the edges are facing towards each other. 

176.  Who is sitting to the immediate left of Prakash? 

A. The one who is Banker 
D. Rithesh 

B. The one who is Scientist 
E. None of these 

C. Surya 

177.  What is the profession of Rithesh? 

A. Banker 

B. Lawyer 

C. Engineer 

D. Doctor 

E. None of these 

178.  Who is sitting to the immediate right of Surya? 

A. Umesh 
D. The one who is Lawyer 

B. The one who is Banker 

C. Rithesh 
E. Cannot be determined 

179.  Who is Doctor? 

A. Qadir 

B. Rithesh 

C. Prakash 

D. Tarini 

        E. Cannot be determined 

180.   Who is sitting to the immediate right of the person whose profession is Engineer? 

A. Qadir 

B. Tarini 

C. Surya 

D. Rithesh 

E. None of these 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 37 
Directions: Study the following table chart carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Ten People- A, B, C, D, E, P, Q, R, S and T are sitting in two parallel rows but not necessarily in 
same order. Four of them like white colour , four of them like black colour and two like red 
colour. No two people likes same colour sit opposite or next to each other. Row 1 consist of- A, 
B,  C,  D,  E  but  not  necessarily  in  same  order  and  Row  2  consist  of-  P,  Q,  R,  S  and  T  but  not 
necessarily in same order. People sitting in both rows face each other. 

T is an immediate neighbour of R. People who like Red colour do not sit in the same row. Two 
people sit between Q and T. E sits third to the right of B. A does not like black colour. Person 
who likes red colour is not an immediate neighbour of D. Person facing B and sitting next to 
him, Both like Black colour. D does not face P. People liking Red colour sit at extreme ends of 
the  rows.  R  sits  at  one  of  the  extreme  ends.  People  who  like  Red  colour  do  not  face  each 
other. Q does not like red colour. S and A like same colour. B likes red colour. 

181.  Find the Odd one out? 

A. B 

B. Q 

C. D 

D. C 

E. R 

182.  Which of the following pair face the one who likes red? 

A. C, S   

B. A, P   

C. E, T   

D. D, R  

E. Q, D 

183.  A is related to C and E in some way , in the same way S is related to P and Q then E is 

related to whom following the same pattern? 

A. C, B   

B. A, D  

C. E, R   

D. D, C  

E. Q, D 

184.  Which of the following is not false? 

A. S-Black 

B. D-Red 

C. Q-White 

D. All are false  

E. All are not false 

185.   Find the wrong pair? 

A. C, S   

B. E, T   

C. A, R   

D. B, Q  

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 38 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight persons are sitting on two parallel benches namely Bench 1 and Bench 2,  each four on a 
bench. The persons who are sitting on bench 1 facing north and those on bench 2 are facing 
south such that each person of both the benches faces each other. 

Gayu faces Hina, who does not sit at any of the extreme ends. Ela and Bani neither sits in the 
same row nor faces each other. Hina sits second to the right of Dia. Fiza sits in the same row in 
which Ela sits. Bani faces the person who is second to the right of Ahana. Caira sits on bench 1. 

186.  Who among the following faces Ela? 

A. Bani  

B. Hina  

C. Gayu 

D. Dia   

E. None of these 

187.  Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and thus form a group. Which of 

the following does not belong to the group? 

A. Hina  

B. Gayu 

C. Fiza   

D. Ela 

E. Ahana 

188.  Which of the following pairs consist of persons who sit at the extreme ends? 

A. Ela - Hina 

B. Caira - Gayu  

C. Ela - Caira 

D. Ahana - Bani 

E. Bani - Caira 

189.  What is the position of Fiza with respect to Ahana? 

A. Second to the left  B. Second to the right C. Immediate left 

D. Immediate right 

E. None of these 

190.  In which of the following pairs, persons do not face each other? 

A. Bani - Fiza 

B. Caira - Ahana 

C. Dia - Ela 

D. Hina - Gayu  

E. Hina - Ahana 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 39 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight  persons  –  Heer,  Rani,  Nora,  Anup,  Doha,  Mrig,  Gaur  and  Shera  are  sitting  around  a 
square  table  such  that  four  persons  sits  on  the  fours  corner  the  table  facing  towards  the 
center and the rest of the four persons sits on the middle of the sides facing away from the 
centre. 

Gaur neither sits at corner nor opposite to Shera. Nora sits third to the left of Rani. Only two 
persons sit between Mrig and Shera, who sits immediate left of Nora. Anup sits second to the 
left of Heer, who sits third left of Gaur. 

191.  Who among the following sits in front of Anup? 

A. Nora 

B. Gaur 

C. Shera 

D. Rani  

E. None of these 

192.  How  many  person(s)  sit  between  Rani  and  Shera,  when  counted  from  the  right  of 

Shera? 

A. One  

B. Two  

C. Three 

D. None 

E. More than three 

193.  If  the  names  of  all  the  persons  are  arranged  according  the  order  in  which  they  will 
appear in dictionary in anticlockwise order starting from Anup, then position of how 
many person(s) will be remain unchanged excluding Anup? 

A. One  

B. Two  

C. Three 

D. None 

E. More than three 

194.  Who among the following sits third to the left of Doha? 

A. Shera 

B. Rani  

C. Heer  

D. Anup 

E. None of these 

195.   Who among the following sits second to the right of Mrig? 

A. Nora  

B. Gaur  

C. Doha  

D. Anup  

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 40 

Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

A  row  of  persons  facing  north  direction  consist  of  equal  number  of  boys  and  girls  such  that 
boys are sitting at the extreme ends. All the boys except one sit at even positions and all the 
girls  except  one  sit  at  odd  positions.  Extreme  left  end  of  the  row  is  positioned  as  1  and  the 
place immediate next to it as 2 and so on. 

  There is no one to the left of A who is fourth to the left of J who is immediate left of W. 
  P sits at an extreme end and is third to the right of F who is a girl. 
  Only three boys are there to the right of U, who is a girl. 
  T and O are immediate neighbours and T is to the immediate left of  P with T being a girl. 
  Only two persons are between W and F. 
  H who is not a boy is sitting adjacent to A and X. 
Z is fourth to the right of B who is on immediate right of X. 

196.  Which of the following girls sit at an even numbered position? 

A. X 

B. J 

C. H 

D. U 

E. None of these 

197.  How many girls sit between X and O? 

A. Four  

B. Three 

C. Six 

D. Five  

E. None of these 

198.  Which of the following is an immediate neighbour of B and W? 

A. U 

B. X 

C. F 

D. J 

E. None of these 

199.  How many boys and girls are there in the row? 

A. 6 boys, 6 girls 

B. 7 boys, 7 girls 

C. 5 boys, 5 girls 

D. 4 boys, 4 girls 

E. Either A or C 

200.   Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and thus form a group. Which of 

the following does not belong to the group? 

A. B 

B. W 

C. O 

D. Z 

E. J 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 41 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight persons namely Hetav, Herin, Hevin, Himan, Hiran, Hiyan, Henik and Herat are sitting in 
square table in such a way that four of them sit at the corner of the table and four of them sit 
at the middle of the table. The persons sitting at the corner of the table are facing away from 
the  centre  and  the  persons  sitting  at  the  middle  of  the  table  are  facing  towards  the  centre. 
Each  of  them  likes  different  chocolates  among  Milky  Bar,  Munch,  Perk,  Kitkat,  5  Star,  Dairy 
Milk, Barone and Bournville. All the above information is not necessarily in the same order. 

Herin and Hetav are facing same direction. Herat sits third to the right of Hetav. The one who 
likes Munch and the one who likes Milky Bar are facing each other. Hiyan likes Perk and sits 
second to the right of the one, who likes Barone. Herat and Himan sit opposite to each other 
but does not face each other. Henik sits to the immediate right of the one who likes Milky Bar 
and to the immediate left of the one who like 5 star chocolates. The one who likes Bournville 
sits third to the left of the one who likes Kitkat. Hiran sits third to the right of the one who likes 
Dairy Milk. Herin is an immediate neighbor of the one who likes Barone. One who sits to the 
immediate right of Herat does not like Bournville. 

201.  Who sits second to the right of the one who likes Kitkat? 

A. Herin 
B. Henik 
D. The one who like Milky Bar 

C. The one who like 5 star 
E. None of these 

202.  Who among the following likes 5 star chocolate? 

A. Hevin 

B. Hiran 

C. Herin 

D. Hiyan 

E. None of these 

203.  Who among the following likes Bournville chocolate? 

A. Himan 

B. Hiran 

C. Herin 

D. Hiyan 

E. None of these 

204.  Who among the following persons facing each other? 

A. Hetav and the one who like Dairy Milk 
C. Hiran and the one who like 5 stars  
E. None of these 

B. Herin and the one who like Bournville 
D. Hevin and the one who like Barone 

205.  Who sits third to the right of Henik? 

A. The one who likes Bournville 
C. The one who likes Munch   
E. None of these 

B. The one who likes Kitkat 
D. The one who likes Perk 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 42 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Seven persons – Naina, Shalu, Amar, Rohan, Doshi, Brij and Vinod, are sitting on a bench in a 
church,  facing  south.  Each  of  them  has  a  different  profession  –  Manager,  Engineer,  Boxer, 
Politician, Singer, Painter and Actor. 

Amar sits second to the right of Vinod. Brij is not a Boxer. There is one person sitting between 
Amar and Rohan. Naina is an immediate neighbour of Doshi, who sits at an extreme end. The 
one who is an Engineer sits third to the left of Shalu, who is a Painter. Vinod sits third from left 
end. The one who is a Singer sits at an extreme end and immediate neighbor of Shalu. The one 
who is an Actor sits second to the left of Rohan. Naina is neither Manager nor Boxer. 

206.  Who among the following is a Politician? 

A. Doshi 

B. Naina 

C. Brij   

D. Amar 

E. None of these 

207.  What is the profession of the one who sits in the middle of the row? 

A. Boxer 

B. Painter 

C. Engineer 

D. Manager 

E. None of these 

208.  Who among the following sits third to the left of the one who is an Actor? 

A. Naina 
C. Vinod 

B. No one (As the one who is an Actor sits second from the left end of the row) 
D. Amar 

E. Brij 

209.  How many person(s) sits between Shalu and Naina? 

A. None 

B. One  

C. Two  

D. Three 

E. More than three 

210.   Which of the following combinations is/are correct? 

A. Shalu – Singer 

B. Doshi – Manager  C. Amar – Actor 

D. All are correct 

E. None is correct 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 43 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight persons – Ankit, Kavit, Manit, Vinit, Charit, Sumit, Ganit, and Ronit are sitting in a straight 
line (but not necessarily in the same order) such that three of them are facing south and rest 
of them are facing north. Each of them works in a different bank – SBI, UCO, PNB, BOB, SEBI, 
RBI, BOI, and NHB (but not necessarily in same order). 

Four persons sit between Ronit and Charit, who works in RBI.  Sumit sits right of Manit, who 
works in BOI. Ganit and Charit face opposite direction to each other. The one, who is sitting on 
the immediate right of Vinit, works in NHB. Kavit sits third from one of the extreme end of the 
row. Ronit sits third to the right of Manit. The one who works in PNB sits immediate right of 
the one who works in UCO. Manit doesn’t face north direction. Ganit is an immediate neighbor 
of Manit and Charit both. Vinit sits second to the right of Ganit. Manit sits on the immediate 
left of Kavit. The one who works in SBI sits at an extreme end. The one who works in BOB sits 
between Charit and Ankit. Sumit does not work in PNB. 

211.  Kavit works in which of the following banks? 

A. UCO  

B. PNB  

C. SEBI  

D. NHB  

E. None of these 

212.  Which of the following combinations is correct? 

A. Sumit – BOI – South 
D. Ronit – NHB – North 

B. Kavit – UCO – South 
E. Ankit – SBI – South 

C. Vinit – BOB – North 

213.  How many person(s) sit between Charit and Sumit? 

A. None 

B. One  

C. Two  

D. Three 

E. More than three 

214.  What is the position of the one who works in BOB with respect to the one who works 

in PNB? 

A. Third to the right 
D. Fourth to the right   

B. Fourth to the left 
E. None of these 

C. Fifth to the right 

215.  Who among the following works in SEBI? 

A. Ankit 

B. Kavit 

C. Vinit  

D. Sumit 

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 44 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight  persons  –  Mona,  Moti,  Meera,  Mali,  Mitra,  Mansi,  Megha  and  Mrig,  were  sitting  in  a 
circle facing towards the center. Each of them was born in a different city — Shimla, Manali, 
Agra, Nanital, Pune, Goa, Mumbai and Delhi, but not necessarily in the same order. 

Two  persons  were  sitting  between  the  one,  who  was  born  in  Nanital  and  Mitra.  Mona  was 
born  in  Shimla  and  sits  opposite  to  Mitra.  The  one,  who  was  born  in  Pune,  sits  opposite  to 
Mali.  Mrig  was  born  in  Mumbai  and  sits  second  to  the  right  of  the  one,  who  was  born  in 
Nanital. Meera was born in Pune and was an immediate neighbor of the one, who was born in 
Goa. Megha sits third right to Moti. Mali was born in Nanital. The one, who was born in Delhi, 
sits adjacent to the one, who was born in Nanital. Mitra was born in Manali and Megha was 
born in Delhi. 

216.  Mansi was born in which of the following cities? 

A. Agra  

B. Mumbai 

C. Delhi 

D. Goa  

E. None of these 

217.  Who among the following was sitting third to the right of Megha? 

A. Mitra 

B. Meera 

C. Moti  

D. Mona 

E. None of these 

218.  Who among the following was born in Agra? 

A. Moti 

B. Mansi 

C. Megha 

D. Mrig 

E. None of these 

219.  Who among the following was sitting in the front of Moti? 

A. The one who was born in Manali 
C. The one who was born in Mumbai  

B. Meera 
D. Mitra 

E. Both option A and D 

220.   What is the position of Meera with respect to the one who was born in Shimla? 

A. Second to the right  
D. Second to the left 

B. Third to the right 
E. None of these 

C. Fourth to the left 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 45 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight persons – Doly, Lali, Mona, Joya, Pinu, Usha, Chaya and Tara, are sitting in a straight line 
but not necessarily in the same order such that some of these persons are facing south while 
some are facing north. 

Doly faces north. Mona sits third to the left of Usha. Pinu sits third to the right of Mona. Joya 
sits to the immediate right of Pinu. Joya does not sit at any of the extreme ends of the line. 
Only one person sits between Chaya and Lali. Pinu sits second to the left of Chaya. Tara sits 
second  to  the  right  of  Joya.  Both  the  immediate  neighbours  of  Mona  face  the  opposite 
direction. Tara faces the same direction as Joya and Doly faces the same direction as Chaya. 
Usha sits at one of the extreme ends of the line. 

221.  Who among the following is sitting second to the right of Mona? 

A. Doly  

B. Usha 

C. Pinu  

D. Joya  

E. None of these 

222.  Four of the following five are alike in some way and hence form a group. Which of the 

following is the one that does not belong to the group? 

A. Tara  

B. Usha 

C. Mona 

D. Lali   

E. Joya 

223.  How many person(s) sit between Joya and Doly? 

A. Three 

B. Two  

C. One  

D. None 

E. More than three 

224.  How many persons are facing north direction? 

A. Two   

B. Three 

C. Four   

D. Five   

E. Six 

225.   Who among the following is sitting third to the left of Lali? 

A. Usha  

B. Joya   

C. Chaya 

D. No one 

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 46 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight persons – Doly, Lali, Mona, Joya, Pinu, Usha, Chaya and Tara, are sitting in a straight line 
but not necessarily in the same order such that some of these persons are facing south while 
some are facing north. 

Doly faces north. Mona sits third to the left of Usha. Pinu sits third to the right of Mona. Joya 
sits to the immediate right of Pinu. Joya does not sit at any of the extreme ends of the line. 
Only one person sits between Chaya and Lali. Pinu sits second to the left of Chaya. Tara sits 
second  to  the  right  of  Joya.  Both  the  immediate  neighbours  of  Mona  face  the  opposite 
direction. Tara faces the same direction as Joya and Doly faces the same direction as Chaya. 
Usha sits at one of the extreme ends of the line. 

226.  Who among the following is sitting second to the right of Mona? 

A. Doly  

B. Usha 

C. Pinu  

D. Joya  

E. None of these 

227.  Four of the following five are alike in some way and hence form a group. Which of the 

following is the one that does not belong to the group? 

A. Tara  

B. Usha 

C. Mona 

D. Lali   

E. Joya 

228.  How many person(s) sit between Joya and Doly? 

A. Three 

B. Two  

C. One  

D. None 

E. More than three 

229.  How many persons are facing north direction? 

A. Two  

B. Three 

C. Four  

D. Five  

E. Six 

230.   Who among the following is sitting third to the left of Lali? 

A. Usha 

B. Joya  

C. Chaya 

D. No one 

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 47 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight students Aadvik, Tanish, Jiral, Vaibhav, Yashith, Bhavin, Rithwik and Kiansh sit in a square 
table.  Four persons  sit in each corners of the table and four persons sit in each sides of the 
table  but  not  necessarily  in  the  same  order.  All  are  facing  outside.  Aadvik  is  immediate 
neighbor of Kiansh. Bhavin does not sit third to the left of Tanish who doesn’t sit at the corner. 
Bhavin sits fourth to the right of Yashith. There are three persons sit between Tanish and Jiral. 
Jiral  sits  third  to  the  left  of  Vaibhav.  One  person  sits  between  Jiral  and  Kiansh.   Rithwik  and 
Kiansh are not immediate neighbors. 

231.  Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and hence form a group. Which of 

the following does not belong to the group? 

A. Aadvik 

B. Vaibhav 

C. Bhavin 

D. Yashith 

E. Rithwik 

232.  Tanish is related to Kiansh in certain way, Bhavin is related to Aadvik then in the same 

way Jiral is related to which among the following? 

A. Rithwik 

B. Tanish 

C. Vaibhav 

D. Bhavin 

E. Aadvik 

233.  Who  among  the  following  sits  fifth  to  the  right  of  Kiansh  and  immediate  right  of 

Rithwik? 

A. Aadvik and Vaibhav 
E. Only Vaibhav 

B. Only Bhavin  

C. Vaibhav and Yashith 

D. Tanish and Yashith  

234.  Which of the following person sits between Jiral and Kiansh? 

A. Tanish 

B. Rithwik 

C. Aadvik 

D. None 

E. None of these. 

235.   Which of the following person sits opposite to the one who sits second to the right of 

Rithwik. 

A. Bhavin 

B. Jiral   

C. Tanish 

D. Yashith 

E. None of these. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 48 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight  persons  namely  J  to  Q  are  sitting  on  the  square  table  but  not  necessarily  in  the  same 
order. Four persons are sitting at the corner of the table and facing away from the center. Four 
persons are sitting at the middle of the table and facing towards the center. The persons are 
sitting  at  the  corner  of  the  table  likes  different  fruits  among  Banana,  Apple,  Grapes  and 
Mango.  The  persons  are  sitting  at  middle  of  the  table  likes  different  vegetables  among 
Cucumber,  Brinjal,  Beans  and  Cabbage.  All  the  above  information  is  not  necessarily  in  the 
same order. 

K sits third to the right of O. One person sits between K and Q. One who likes Beans sits third 
to the left of Q. One who sits second to the right of the one who likes Beans is facing N. One 
who likes Cabbage sits second to the right of the one who likes Cucumber. The person J is the 
immediate neighbor of the one who like Brinjal and O. There are as many persons sit between 
P and M as between P and L. One who likes Mango sits third to the right of M. One who likes 
Beans and one who likes Mango are not immediate neighbors. J likes Banana. L and one who 
like Apple are not immediate neighbors. 

236.  Who among the following likes Grapes? 

A. M 

B. Q 

C. K 

D. N 

E. None of these 

237.  Who among the following person sit opposite to O? 

A. The one who like Mango 
D. The one who like Cabbage  

B. The one who like Grapes 
E. None of these 

C. The one who like Cucumber 

238.  Which among the following combination is true? 

A. K-Mango 

B. M-Apple 

C. N-Banana 

D. L-Grapes 

E. None is true 

239.  What is the position of N with respect to the one who likes Banana? 

A. Third to the right  B. Second to the left  C. Second to the right D. Immediate left 

E. None of these 

240.  Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and hence form a group. Which of 

the following does not belong to the group? 

A. K 

B. J 

C. Q 

D. M 

E. P 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set – 49 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

Eight persons – Amar, Ansh, Arun, Amit, Ashu, Anup, Arif and Anil, are sitting around a circular 
table facing the centre but not necessarily in the same order. Arif is to the immediate left of 
Ashu. Anup is to the immediate left of Arun. Amar is the neighbour of Ansh. Amit is between 
Anup and Ansh. Arif is not the neighbour of Ansh or Anil. 

241.  Who among the following is sitting third to right of Amar? 

A. Arif   

B. Anup 

C. Arun  

D. Ansh 

E. None of these 

242.  How many persons were sitting between Amit and Anil, when counted from the left of 

Anil? 

A. None 

B. One  

C. Two  

D. Three 

E. More than three 

243.  What is the position of Arif with respect to Amit? 

A. Third to the right  B. Second to the left  C. Fourth to the right  D. Fourth to the left  E. None of these 

244.  Which  of  the  following  person  sits  opposite  to  the  one  who  sits  third  to  the  left  of 

Anil? 

A. Anup 

B. Arif   

C. Amar 

D. Arun 

E. None of these. 

245.  Which of the following pairs of persons is sitting adjecent of Arif? 

A. Anil, Ashu 

B. Amit, Arun   

C. Anup, Ashu   

D. Arun, Ashu   

E. Arun, Anil 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Join us 

Set – 50 
Directions: Study the following information carefully and answer the questions given beside. 

There are eight persons - Mita, Niya, Om, Pari, Qiya, Rati, Shri and Tiya. All of them are sitting in a straight row 
and  are  facing  in  the  South  direction  but  not  necessarily  in  the  same  order.  There  are  only  two  persons 
between  Rati  and  Pari.  The  number  of  persons  between  Qiya  and  Mita  is  same  as  the  number  of  persons 
between Pari and Shri. Om is not a neighbor of Shri who is immediate left of Niya. Qiya is second to the left of 
Rati who is fourth from the right corner. Mita sits at any corner of the row. Tiya sits immediate right of Qiya. 

246.  How many persons are seated to the left of Niya? 

A. One  

B. Three 

C. Four  

D. Six 

E. None of these 

247.  Four of the following five are alike in some way and thus form a group. Which of the 

following does not belong to the group? 

A. Om   

B. Rati   

C. Shri   

D. Qiya  

E. Pari 

248.  Who among the following is/are immediate  neighbour(s) of Qiya? 

A. Tiya  

B. Om   

C. Both A and B 

D. Either A or B 

E. Shri 

249.  Who among the following sits second to the left of the person who sits third from the 

right end? 

A. Mita  

B. Tiya   

C. Pari   

D. Niya  

E. None of these 

250.   Who among the following sits third to the left of Rati?     

A. Om   

B. Pari   

C. Niya  

D. Mita  

E. None of these 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
C 
11 
B 
21 
E 
31 
B 
41 
E 
51 
C 
61 
C 
71 
E 
81 
C 
91 
D 
101 
A 
111 
C 
121 
B 
131 
C 
141 
D 
151 
B 
161 
B 
171 
C 
181 
D 

2 
B 
12 
D 
22 
C 
32 
C 
42 
C 
52 
E 
62 
C 
72 
B 
82 
B 
92 
A 
102 
B 
112 
D 
122 
C 
132 
C 
142 
A 
152 
A 
162 
D 
172 
B 
182 
E 

3 
E 
13 
B 
23 
A 
33 
E 
43 
D 
53 
D 
63 
D 
73 
A 
83 
D 
93 
A 
103 
C 
113 
A 
123 
D 
133 
D 
143 
B 
153 
D 
163 
D 
173 
D 
183 
B 

CORRECT ANSWERS: 

4 
E 
14 
E 
24 
D 
34 
A 
44 
B 
54 
D 
64 
B 
74 
D 
84 
A 
94 
C 
104 
C 
114 
A 
124 
E 
134 
D 
144 
C 
154 
E 
164 
A 
174 
B 
184 
D 

5 
E 
15 
A 
25 
B 
35 
B 
45 
C 
55 
B 
65 
D 
75 
C 
85 
E 
95 
D 
105 
D 
115 
B 
125 
D 
135 
C 
145 
A 
155 
C 
165 
D 
175 
E 
185 
C 

6 
E 
16 
A 
26 
C 
36 
B 
46 
E 
56 
E 
66 
E 
76 
C 
86 
A 
96 
D 
106 
D 
116 
B 
126 
D 
136 
B 
146 
B 
156 
C 
166 
C 
176 
A 
186 
D 

7 
B 
17 
B 
27 
B 
37 
A 
47 
D 
57 
C 
67 
C 
77 
A 
87 
A 
97 
C 
107 
A 
117 
A 
127 
C 
137 
C 
147 
E 
157 
A 
167 
D 
177 
C 
187 
A 

8 
D 
18 
A 
28 
A 
38 
D 
48 
A 
58 
D 
68 
B 
78 
C 
88 
B 
98 
C 
108 
D 
118 
E 
128 
A 
138 
D 
148 
C 
158 
E 
168 
B 
178 
E 
188 
C 

9 
D 
19 
C 
29 
D 
39 
A 
49 
B 
59 
A 
69 
D 
79 
B 
89 
D 
99 
C 
109 
C 
119 
C 
129 
D 
139 
E 
149 
B 
159 
E 
169 
E 
179 
C 
189 
B 

10 
C 
20 
D 
30 
C 
40 
C 
50 
D 
60 
B 
70 
A 
80 
D 
90 
C 
100 
D 
110 
E 
120 
A 
130 
B 
140 
D 
150 
D 
160 
B 
170 
C 
180 
B 
190 
E 

 
191 
C 
201 
E 
211 
B 
221 
D 
231 
E 
241 
B 

192 
A 
202 
A 
212 
C 
222 
B 
232 
A 
242 
E 

193 
A 
203 
A 
213 
D 
223 
A 
233 
E 
243 
A 

194 
D 
204 
C 
214 
B 
224 
C 
234 
C 
244 
C 

195 
B 
205 
B 
215 
E 
225 
D 
235 
B 
245 
D 

196 
C 
206 
B 
216 
D 
226 
D 
236 
C 
246 

D 

197 
B 
207 
D 
217 
B 
227 
B 
237 
C 
247 
E 

198 
D 
208 
A 
218 
A 
228 
A 
238 
E 
248 
C 

199 
A 
209 
D 
219 
C 
229 
C 
239 
A 
249 
B 

200 
E 
210 
C 
220 
E 
230 
D 
240 
D 
250 
A 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Explanations: 

Common Explanations (1-5): 

Step 1.  

References: 

...Radha  sits  second  to  the  right  of  the  representative  of  Railways.  Representatives  of  Food  Processing 
Industries  and  Railways  are  immediate  neighbours  of  the  each  other.  Two  people  sit  between  the 
representative of Food Processing Industries and Nitin. Prabhu and Prakash are immediate neighbours of each 
other.  Neither  Prabhu  nor  Prakash  is  an  immediate  neighbour  of  either  Nitin  or  the  representative  of Food 
Processing Industries... 

Step 2.  

References: 

...Representative  of  Defence  sits  second  to  the  right  of  Paswan,  Paswan  is  neither  the  representative  of 
Railways nor Food Processing Industries. Ravi and the representative of Agriculture are immediate neighbours 
of each other. Nitin is not the representative of Agriculture... 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Step 3. 

References: 

...Only one person sits between Prabhu and the representative of Finance. Shankar sits third to the left of the 
representative of Law & order. Representative from HRD sits second to the left of the representative of Health 
and Family Welfare.. 

1. 

By referring to the final seating arrangement chart, we get 

We  can  clearly  observe  that  Jaitley  and  shankar  are  sitting  between  Nitin  and  Ravi,  who  is 
representative of Food Processing Industries. 

Hence, option C is correct. 

2.    By referring to the final seating arrangement chart, we get 

We can clearly observe that the representative of HRD, Prakash is sitting second to the left of Nitin.  

Hence, option B is correct. 

3.  

By referring to the final seating arrangement chart, we get 

We can clearly observe that Jaitley and Nitin are immediate neighbours of each other.  

Hence, option E is correct. 

4.   

By referring to the final seating arrangement chart, we get 

We can clearly observe that Paswan is the representative of finance. 

Hence, option E is correct. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5.  

By referring to the final seating arrangement chart, we get 

Except Nitin – Defence, in all other pairs concerned department minister is sitting second to the right 
of first person. 

Hence, option E is correct.. 

Common Explanations (6-10): 

Step 1. 

References: 
...Prabhu, who is sitting at one of the ends of the row, is second to the right of Puri. Raghu does not 
face Prabhu or Puri... 

Step 2. 

References: 
...Raghu is third to the left of Anu... 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Step 3. 
References: 
...There are two persons between Deva and Gil. There is only one person between Somi and Sethi, 
Somi and Sethi do not face Prabhu... 

Step 4. 

References: 
...Gopi is neighbour of Somi. Atal, who does not face Sethi, is not the neighbour of Deva... 

Step 5. Final Chart. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
6.    On the basis of the information given in the question, we can have the following seating arrangement: 

We can clearly observe from the figure that Anu is facing Gil. 

Hence, option E is correct. 

7. 

On the basis of the information given in the question, we can have the following seating arrangement: 

We can clearly observe from the figure that two persons- Raghu and Gopi are sitting between Abram 
and Somi. 

Hence, option B is correct. 

8. 

On the basis of the information given in the question, we can have the following seating arrangement: 

We can clearly observe from the figure that Abram and Javed at the left ends of the rows. Gopi and 
Atal are third from the left end. Anu is second from the right end, In row-2, Deva is second from the 
right end. 

Hence, option D is correct. 

9.    On the basis of the information given in the question, we can have the following seating arrangement: 

We can clearly observe from the figure that Puri faces Gopi. 

Hence, option D is correct. 

10.  On the basis of the information given in the question, we can have the following seating arrangement: 

We can clearly observe from the figure that Abram and Sethi are sitting at the ends of the row-1. 

Hence, option C is correct. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (11-15): 

Step 1. 

References: 

...Aarti, the wife of Ajay is sitting third to the right of Anu. Anuj is sitting second to the left of Ajay. 
.. 
...Ajay is not an immediate neighbour of neither Aarti or Anu. No male is an immediate neighbour of 
Ajay... 

...Aarti is the mother of Anupam. Aarti is not an immediate neighbours of Amit and Anita... 

Step 2. 

References: 

...Anuj is the son of Anupam. Anita sits second to the left of Ajay’s son... 

...Ajay ‘s son and the wife of Ajay’s son are immediate neighbours of each other... 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Step 3. 

References: 

...Only two persons sit between Anupam and Anuj’s brother. Neither Anu nor Ajay is the brother of 
Anuj... 

...Anita is the sister of Ayush... 

11.    By referring to the final seating arrangement chart,  

We can clearly observe from the figure that Anita's mother Anupam is sitting second to the left of 
Anita. 

Hence option B is correct. 

12. 

By referring to the final seating arrangement chart,  

We can clearly observe from the figure that Amit is the son of Ajay. 

Hence, option D is correct. 

13. 

By referring to the final seating arrangement chart,  

We can clearly observe from the figure that only one person (i.e. Aarti) is sitting beween Anuj and his 
brother Ayush. 

Hence, option B is correct. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14.    By referring to the final seating arrangement chart,  

We can clearly observe from the figure that Anuj is sitting between Anupam and Aarti. 

Hence, option E is correct. 

15. 

By referring to the final seating arrangement chart,  

We can clearly observe from the figure that except Amit, all are females. 

Hence, option A is correct. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (16-20): 

Reference: 
Darpan reads Spider man comics and the color of his T-shirt is green, he is facing the student who reads 
Chacha Chaudhary comics. 

Inference: 

Name 
Darpan 

Comics 
Spider man 

T- shirt Color 
Green 

Hint 

Reference: 
The student whose T-shirt is of green color is on the immediate left of the student who reads Bhokal comics. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
The students, who read Billoo, Krishna and Bhokal, are neither in white T-shirt nor in Violet. 
The students who are in green and yellow T-shirts have neither read Billoo nor Krishna comics. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inference: 
We will use them later in the circular arrangement. 

Name 
Darpan 

Comics 
Spider man 
Billoo 
Krishna 
Bhokal 

T- shirt Color 
Green 

Hint 

Yellow, White, Violet - × 
Yellow, White, Violet - × 
White, Violet - × 

Reference: 
The only student who is between Emaan and Falak reads Chacha Chaudhary comics. 

Inference: 
Two cases arise here: 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 
One who reads Takshak comics is on the immediate right of the student in white T-shirt but on the immediate 
left of the student who reads Krishna comics. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inference: 

Case 1 

Case 2 

Reference: 
Falak does not read Billoo comics. 
The one who reads Billoo comics is seated opposite to the student wearing blue T-shirt. 

Inference: 
As Falak does not read Biloo comics, that means case 1 fails here. Thus we will continue with Case 2, where 
Emaan reads Billoo comics and Falak reads Takshak comics. 
Thus, the one who reads Krishna must be in blue colored T-shirt. 

 Case 2: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: 

As per the reference, the one who reads Billoo and Bhokal are not in White and Violet color T-shirt and the 
one who wears yellow color T-shirt does not read Billoo nor Krishna comics. 

Therefore, the one who reads Billoo is in red color T-shirt and the one who reads Bhokal is in Yellow as he/she 
cannot wear Violet color T-shirt, hence, the only remaining Takshak reader is in Violet color T-shirt. 

Name 
Darpan 
Emaan 

Falak 

Comics 
Spider man 
Billoo 
Krishna 
Bhokal 
Takshak 
Chacha Ch. 

T- shirt Color  Hint 

Green 
Red 
Blue 
Yellow 
Violet 
White 

Reference: 
Akshit is neither in white T-shirt nor on the immediate left of the one who reads Spider man comics 

Inference: 
Therefore, Akshit must be the reader of Bhokal. 

Hint 

Name 
Darpan 
Emaan 

Akshit 
Falak 

Comics 
Spider man 
Billoo 
Krishna 
Bhokal 
Takshak 
Chacha Ch. 

T- shirt Color 
Green 
Red 
Blue 
Yellow 
Violet 
White 

Reference: 
Chitresh does not read Krishna comics. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
Inference: 
So, he must be reading Chacha Chaudhary and Bansi must be reading Krishna. 

Name 
Darpan 
Emaan 
Bansi 
Akshit 
Falak 
Chitresh 

Comics 
Spider man 
Billoo 
Krishna 
Bhokal 
Takshak 
Chacha Ch. 

T- shirt Color 
Green 
Red 
Blue 
Yellow 
Violet 
White 

Final arrangement: 

16.    Following common explanation we get 

Chitresh is in white T-shirt. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

17. 

Following common explanation we get 

Student who is between Darpan and Falak is wearing T-shirt of blue color. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

18. 

Following common explanation we get 

Akshit read Bhokal comic. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19.    Following common explanation we get : 

Emaan - Red - Billoo is the correct combination. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

20. 

Following common explanation we get 

The color of the T-shirt of the student, who reads Takshak comics, is Violet  

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

Common Explanations (21-25): 

Final arrangement: 

Common explanation: 
Reference: 
Anant likes Baseball and sits second from the left end of the row. 

Inference:  

Reference: 
Deependu sits third to left of one who likes Gymnastics. Balbir sits third to left of Gandhik, who likes Squash. 
Either Deependu or Balbir sits at the extreme end of the row. 

Inference: 
As all of them are facing north and Deependu and Balbir sits at the left of someone therefore they are not 
sitting at the extreme right end of the row but either one of them is sitting at extreme left end. 

Reference: 
No two successive students are sitting together according to alphabetical order. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
Inference: 
Therefore, Balbir cannot sit at the extreme left end as Anant is sitting at second position and they cannot be 
the neighbor, so Deependu is sitting at the extreme left end of the row and is third to the left of one who likes 
Gymnastics. 

Reference: 
Balbir sits third to left of Gandhik, who likes Squash. Gandhik does not sit the extreme end of the line. 
One of the immediate neighbors of Balbir likes Taekwondo. 

Inference: 
So, Gandhik can sit at second position from right and Balbir should be the one who likes Gymnastics. 

Reference:  
The one who likes Wrestling sits second to left of Faiyaz. 
Faiyaz does not like Taekwondo. 
The one who likes Rugby sits second to right of one who likes Archery. 

Inference: 

 As per the first reference, the one who likes Wrestling and the Fayaz can sit at three places: 
A  A- , A-  B- or C C- 

But as, Faiyaz does not like Taekwondo and Balbir have a neighbor who likes Taekwondo so A- B- position 
cancels. 

Now two cases arise: 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Case 1 

Case 2 

But, as no two successive students are sitting together according to alphabetical order, therefore, case 2 fails 
here. 

Reference: 
Ekansh does not sit any of the extreme end of the line. 

Inference: 
Now, Chakshu, Hriday and Ekansh left to be placed and we also have to follow the rule of not having two 
successive students sitting together according to alphabetical order. 

Final arrangement: 

21.    None of the given options is sitting third to the right of one who likes Taekwondo. 

Option E, is hence the correct answer. 

22. 

Four students sit between Deependu and Ekansh. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

23.  Deependu likes Wrestling. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer.. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24.    The one who likes Polo sits immediate left of Balbir. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

25.  Hriday likes Taekwondo. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. None of the given  

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common explanation : (Q. 26 to Q. 30) 

Final Image  

Common explanation: 

Reference: 
Student with last name as Bashistha who sits in the middle in the first row sits opposite to the Student with 
last name as Lavanya. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
Student with last name as Bharadwaj sits in the left end and Himesh sits third to the right of him. 

Inference: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Reference: 

Shankar’s last name is Yadav and sits third to the right of the Student with last name as Aryan. 

Inference: 

Reference: 

Student with last name as Aryan sits opposite to the one who sits to the immediate left of Sachin. 
Student with last name as Parashar sits between Shankar and Boby. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
Boby sits opposite to the one who sits immediate left of Rahul. 
 Inference: 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
Student with last name as Saxena sits third to the left of Rahul and Nanak sits opposite to the Student with last 
name as Saxena 

Inference: 

Reference: 

Student with last name as Bhatti sits between Nitin and Sachin. 
Student with last name as Shakya sits to the immediate right of Chitresh. 

Inference: 

Final Image  

  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
26.    Following common explanation  we get 

Mohit's last name is Shakya. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

27. 

Following common explanation we get 

Last name of Chitresh is Saxena. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. . 

28. 

Following common explanation we get 

Deependu likes Wrestling. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer.. 

29.    Following common explanation we get 

Boby sits between the one whose last name is Parashar and Chintu. 

 Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

30. 

Following common explanation we get 

Rahul does not sit on the extreme end of any row so is different from the group. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (31-35): 

Final arrangement: 

Common explanation: 

Reference: 

The one who spends Rs.1250 is three places to the left of Ehit, who sits three places to the left of Dahi. 

Inference: 

Reference: 

The one who spent Rs.1750 is three places to the right of Dahi. 

Inference: 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
The difference in the amounts spent by Hameer and Ehit is maximum possible and they are sitting opposite to 
each other. 

Inference: 
The maximum possible difference is 2000 – 250 = 1750, therefore one of them had spent 20 and another one 
spent 2000. 

Reference: 
There is exactly one person between Chaitan and the one who spends Rs.250/- and Chaitan is not adjacent to 
Dahi. 

Inference: 
Either Ehit or Hameer spent Rs. 250, and Chaitan had not been to the adjacent position of Dahi, therefore, 
Chaitan spent Rs. 1750. 

Reference: 
Aadarsha spends Rs.750/- and is adjacent to the person who spends least. 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Inference: 
The one who spent Rs. 250, spent least amount and Aadarsha spent Rs. 750 and is adjacent to the one who 
spent Rs. 250 i.e. Hameer or Ehit, but there is no place where Aadarsha can be fitted adjacent to Hameer, 
therefore, Ehit spent the least amount. 

Two cases arise here: 
Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 

Aadarsha sits sixth to the left of Faarin and there are exactly two persons sitting between Faarin and Hameer. 

Inference: 

Case 1 fails here, as in case 1 the position of Faarin and Hameer is coming out to be adjacent but as per the 
given condition there should be two persons between them. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 2: 

Reference: 
Only for one pair of persons who are sitting opposite to each other, the difference between their spending is 
Rs.1000/- 
The difference between the amount spent by Dahi and the one to its immediate right is same as the amount 
spent by Dahi and the one to its immediate left. 

Inference: 
As per the first point of the above given References:, there is only one pair with the difference of Rs. 1000 in 
their money spent, so Dahi and Faarin must had spent Rs. 500 and Rs. 1500 but not necessarily in the same 
order. 

As the difference between the Money spent by Dahi and its immediate neighbor is same both side, so Dahi 
must had spent Rs. 1500 and Faarin had spent Rs. 500 and the immediate left one of Dahi had spent Rs. 1000. 

Reference: 

Ganak spends more than Bajrang. 

Inference: 

So, Ganak must be the one who spent Rs. 1250 and Bajrang must be the one who spent Rs. 1000. 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final arrangement: 

31.    Following common explanation we get 

Bajrang spent Rs. 1000. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

32. 

Following common explanation we get 

Ganak sits opposite to Aadarsha. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

33. 

Following common explanation we get 

Dahi and Bajrang are not sitting opposite to each other hence are alike in the group. 

Option E, is hence the correct answer. 

34.    Following common explanation we get 

Ganak and Chaitan together spent Rs. 3000. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

35. 

Following common explanation we get 

Second multiple of the amount spent by the person who sits second to the left of Hameer is 2000. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (36-40): 

Reference: 

Raima is sitting third to the left of the person who has 5 years of experience. 

Inference: 

Reference: 

The person sitting opposite to Raima has 3 years of experience. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
The person who has 5 years of experience is sitting two places away from Vacya. 

Inference: 
Two cases arise here: 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 

Pabitra and Ujjiti are sitting opposite to each other. Pabitra has less experience than Ujjiti. Sabri sits second to 
the right of Ujjiti. 

Inference: 

Case 1A: 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1B: 

Case 2A: 

Case 2B: 

Reference: 
The sum of the numbers of years of experience, that Talikha’s neighbors have, is 6. 
Raima has more experience than the person sitting opposite to him. 

Inference: 

We have only two options i.e. 4 years and 2 years so as to have the sum = 6years, hence, the neighbors of 
Talikha have 4 and 2 years of experience. 

Using the above info in case 1A, which hence, splits in to two more cases: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1(A1): 

Case 1(A2):

Hence, Case 1(A2) fails as, Ujjiti’s exp. is more than Pabitra’s so Ujiti cannot have 2 years of exp. and Raima 
cannot have 2 years exp. as her exp. is more than 3. 

Case 1B: 
It fails as there is no place left where Talikha can sit with neighbors having exp. of 4 and 2 years. 

Case 2A: 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 2B: 

Reference: 

Wamika and Talikha are not sitting opposite to each other. 

Inference: 

Case 1(A1): 

Case 2A: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 2B: 

Reference: 
The sum of the numbers of years of experience, that Wamika’s neighbors have, is neither 5 nor 13. 

Inference: 
Hence, Case 2A fails here. 

Reference: 

The number of years of experience, that Wamika has, is a composite number. 

Inference: 

As, we can see clearly in case 2B, Warnika’s experience is 3 which is a prime number, so Case 2B fails here. 

Case 1(A1): 

Reference: 
The difference between the numbers of years of experience of Vacya and Qadira is 3 

Inference: 
So, Vacya’s exp. is 8 years. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
The difference between the numbers of years of experience of Talikha and Raima is an odd number but not 
1.   

Inference: 
Now, 3 exp. years are left i.e. – 6, 7 and 9; 3 persons left to be assigned i.e. Talikha, Wamika and Ujjiti. 
Raima is having 4 years of experience and Talikha must be having 7 or 9 years of exp. so as to fulfill the above 
given condition. 

Reference: 
The person to the immediate left of Qadira doesn’t have 7 years of experience. 

Inference: 
Ujjiti cannot have 7 years of experience and if we assign 9 to him the sum of Wamika’s neighbor reaches to 13 
which again should not be a case, hence, Ujjiti is having 6 years of experience. 

Now, for Wamika we have two options i.e. 7 or 9 to be assigned, but as we already know that Wamika’s exp. is 
a composite no. therefore, she is having 9 years of experience. 

Final arrangement: 

 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
36.    Following common explanation we get 

Difference between the experience of Talikha and the one who is sitting second to the left of her is 1 
year. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

37. 

Following common explanation we get 

Sum of the experience of Raima and Sabri is 7 years. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

38. 

Following common explanation we get 

Ujjiti has 6 years of experience so the square is 36. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

39.    Following common explanation we get 

Vacya is sitting between Pabitra and Sabri. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

40. 

Following common explanation we get 

Talikha has 7 years of experience. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common explanation : (Q. 41 to Q. 45) 

Reference: 
Deva was sitting at the left end and the mother of Deva is Krishna, who was the wife of Anshu. 

Inference: 
With the above information we can say that Anshu and Krishna are husband and wife, and they are the 
parents of Deva who was sitting at the extreme left end of the row. 

Reference: 
Rama was sitting on the immediate right of Krishna, whose husband was the brother of Rama. 
Rama and Anshu were immediate neighbours. 
Anshu and Sonu were immediate neighbours. 

Inference: 
With the given hints, we get our linear arrangement. To find the relation among these, we'll see other hints. 

Reference: 
Anshu was sitting third to the right of his daughter 

Inference: 

Here, we can see that Anshu is sitting third to right of Deva. That means Deva is the daughter of Anshu.

Reference: 
Deva was not an immediate neighbour of Anshu’s son. 

Inference: 
Here we have identified the relationship among four out of five members (as shown in the image below), so 
the remaining person Sonu would be Anshu's son and Deva is not sitting next to him as per the condition. 
Hence we get our linear arrangement and blood relation as follows: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
41.    Following the final solution we can say that Deva is the niece of the person who sits in the middle of 

the row. 

Hence, the correct answer is option E. 

42. 

43. 

Following the final solution we can say that Anshu is the brother of the person who sits second to the 
left of Sonu. 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

Following the final solution we can say that if the positions of Rama and Sonu are interchanged, then 
Sonu sits on the immediate left of Sonu’s father 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

44.    Following the final solution we can say that Krishna is the sister in law of Rama. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

45. 

Following the final solution we can say that son of Krishna was on the immediate right with respect to 
father of Deva 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

Common Explanations (46-50): 

Reference: 
Manush sits third to the right of Tanuj and was from Indore. 
Neither Manush nor Tanuj sits at an extreme end. 
Damu faces Tanuj. 
The one whose constituency was from Gwalior faces the one whose constituency was from Jabalpur. 
The one who was from Gwalior sits opposite the one, who sits third to the right of the one who sits opposite 
to Manush. 

Inference: 
With the above hints we can fix the positions of Tanuj and Manush, and after that we can Damu according 
Tanuj. Here, we can also figure out the constituencies of Tanuj and Damu which are Gwalior and Jabalpur 
respectively. 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
Only two M.P.s sit between Manoj and a vacant seat. 
Manoj sits at one of the extreme ends. 

Inference: 
At this point we have two possible scenarios in which we can place Manoj and a Vacant seat according to the 
given conditions. 

Case 1: 
Manoj sits at extreme left end of the row. 

Case 2: 
Manoj sits at extreme right end of the row. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
The vacant seats are not opposite each other 
The vacant seat of row 1 was not adjacent to Damu. 
The Vacant seat of row 1 is not opposite Manush and it is not at any of the extreme ends. 
Tanish’s constituency was neither from Thane or Pune nor faces a vacant seat. 

Inference: 
With the above hints we cannot place a vacant seat anywhere in the row1 without contradicting the given 
hints. So, we can say that this is an invalid case 

But we can find the seat of row 1 in our case 2 with the above hints and after we can place Tanish using the 
last hint. And there is only one seat left in row 2 which will be filled by the last M.P. i.e. Anuj. 

Here, we will also make mental note that Tanish’s constituency was neither from Thane nor from Pune. 

Reference: 
Ramu was not an immediate neighbour of Damu. 
Ramu sits two places away from Shyam, who sits third to the right of the one whose constituency was from 
Jaipur. 
Sakaram was not an immediate neighbour of Ramu. 
Shyam was from Patiala. 

Inference: 
With the first two hints we can place Ramu and Shyam, and can also find out that the constituency of Ramu is 
Jaipur. After that we can place Sakaram with the third hint and at this point there is only one vacant seat left 
in row 1 which will be filled by Ram. Now, with the help of fourth hint we can say that the constituency of 
Shyam is from Patiala. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
The M.P.s who was from Agra and Jabalpur sit adjacent to each other. 
The one who was from Shirdi faces the one who was from Indore. 
Manoj’s constituency was neither from Thane nor Gwalior. 

Inference: 
Using the first hint we can find out the constituency of Sakaram which is Agra and with the second hint we can 
say that the constituency of Ram is Shirdi. 

Now, the third and last hints we can find constituency of Anuj and Manoj which are Thane and Pune 
respectively. 

At this point there is only one M.P. Tanish left whose constituency is still unknown. And these also one 
constituency Mysore left whose M.P. is unknown. So, now we can say that the constituency of Tanish is 
Mysore. 

Now, the puzzle is completed. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
46.    Following  the  final  solution  we  can  say  that  the  none  of  the  given  statements  are  is  true  regarding 

Anuj. 

Hence, the correct answer is option E 

47. 

48. 

Following  the  final  solution  we  can  say  that  the  one  who  faces  the  person  whose  constituency  is 
Mysore sits diagonally opposite the one whose constituency is Pune. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D 

Following  the  final  solution  we  can  say  that  if  Sakaram  is  related  to  the  vacant  seat  of  row  1  in  the 
same  way  as  Tanish  is  related  to  Anuj,  then  following  the  same  pattern,  the  vacant  seat  of  row  2  is 
related to Manoj. 

Hence, the correct answer is option A. 

49.    Following the final solution we can say that the constituency of Tanish is Mysore 

Hence, the correct answer is option B 

50. 

Following  the  final  solution  we  can  say  that  the  one  whose  constituency  is  Agra  i.e.  Sakaram  sits 
second to the right of the one who faces the vacant seat of row 2. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

Common explanation : (Q. 51 to Q.55) 

Reference: 
The person who joined Axis Bank is second to the left of the one who scored 172 marks. 

Inference: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 

Bholu scored the 2nd highest marks and did not join HDFC but is 2nd to the left of the person, who scored 174 
marks. 
Dimple is not near to Bholu. 

Inference: 

As, Bholu is the one who scored second highest marks therefore he must have scored 172 marks. 

Reference: 

Dimple is seated opposite to one who joined HDFC. 

Inference: 

Two cases are possible here: 

Case 1: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 2: 

Reference: 
Chitresh is second to the right of the person who joined Kotak Mahindra, whose score is 169 marks which 
were the third lowest marks out of the 6 students. 
Amit is to the immediate left of the person who is opposite to the person who joined Yes Bank, who is not 
near to Farhan. 

Inference: 
Case 1 fails here as the above given condition cannot be fulfilled. 

Case 2  

Reference: 
Esha has not scored the lowest marks. 
The person who joined ICICI did not score the highest marks. 
One of the six students scored which was a prime number. 

Inference: 
The one who joined Yes bank is not near to Farhan, so, Farhan must be working with Kotak Mahindra bank. 
Esha must be working in HDFC Bank and scored 167 marks which is a prime number. 
As the one who scored highest marks is not working with ICICI so, Chitresh must be working with ICICI and 
Amit with City bank. 

 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Final image  

51.    Following the common explanation we get 

Chitresh is working with ICICI Bank. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

52. 

Following the common explanation we get 

Marks scored by Esha is a prime no. while marks scored by others are Composite number. 

Option E, is hence the correct answer. 

53. 

Following the common explanation we get 

No one is seated between Dimple and the person from Kotak Mahindra. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

54.    Following the common explanation we get 

True statement - Chitresh scored 170 marks and is opposite to one who joined City Bank. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

55. 

Following the common explanation we get 

Amit > Bholu > Chitresh > Farhan > Esha > Dimple – this order of persons as per their marks obtained in 
descending order is true. 

 Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (56-60): 

Reference: 
One who is having card on which 5th multiple no. of that number which is written on a card of another student 
is sitting fifth from the left end of the row. 

Inference: 

There are two multiples of 3 in the given card numbers- one is 15 and another is 18. But only15 is the 
5th multiple of 3. Thus it is shown as below. 

Reference: 
A is having card on which second lowest no. is written and is sitting to the immediate right of one having card 
on which second highest no. is written. 

Inference: 
As, second lowest no. is 5 and 18 is the second highest number, therefore: 

Reference: 
A is second to the right of F and is not sitting at any of the extreme end. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
F is sitting third to the right of B, who is having card on which the written no. is half of the no. written on H’s 
card who is sitting second to the left of F. 

Inference: 
7 and 14 are the only two numbers given here which follows the condition as stated above. 

Combining image 1 and Image 4:  

Reference: 
G is immediate neighbour of F. 

   
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
Inference: 

Reference: 
Person having smallest prime no. card is sitting second to the left of one whose card no. if subtracted from the 
card no. of his immediate right neighbour who is C, the resultant will be equal to the card no. of D. 

Inference: 

Final Image: 

56.    Following the common explanation we get 

All of the given persons have card on which a prime no. is written except G, who is having card no. 18. 

Option E, is hence the correct answer. 

57. 

Following the common explanation we get 

“20” is written on E’s card. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

58. 

Following the common explanation we get 

Card no. of G is 18 and the card no. of D, who is sitting to the immediate left of B is 3, hence 

 Product = 3 × 18 = 54 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
59.    Following the common explanation we get 

Card no. of E is 20 and card no. of C is 11, therefore the difference is 9. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

60.    Following the common explanation we get 

G is sitting to the immediate left of A. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

Common explanation : (Q. 61 to Q.65) 

Reference: 
Lovely is not facing the centre. 
Megha sits second to the right of Lovely. 
Both the immediate neighbours of Lovely are facing the centre. 
Raheem sits on the immediate left of Lovely. 

Inference: 
The above hints are represented as per the following image. 

Reference: 
Both the immediate neighbours of Raheem are not facing the centre. 
Pramod is an immediate neighbor of Raheem 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inference: 

Reference: 
Sajal sits third to the right of Megha. 
Raheem is not an immediate neighbor of Sajal. 

Inference: 
To fulfill the first hint, Megha must be facing outside the centre. 

Reference: 
Neha is an immediate neighbor of Rajneet, who sits second to the left of Aachman.  
The one who is opposite Aachman is facing the centre. 
Both the immediate neighbours of Sajal are facing the same direction. 

Inference: 
As the immediate neighbors of Sajal are facing in same direction, that means both of them are facing outside 
the centre and Sajal must be facing towards the centre as not more than two persons facing the same 
directions can sit together. 

Rajneet must be facing centre as four people are facing the centre and four outside. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Final Arrangement: 

61.    Following the common explanation we get 

Neha sits exactly between Sajal and Rajneet and is facing outward. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

62. 

Following the common explanation we get 

Two persons are there between Aachman and Neha (when counted in clockwise direction from 
Aachman). 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

63. 

Following the common explanation we get 

Since Pramod and Sajal face different directions, they don't belong to that group. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
64.    Following the common explanation we get 

Pramod sits third to the right of the one who is at immediate left of Megha.  

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

65. 

Following the common explanation we get 

Rajneet sits on the immediate right of Megha. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

Common explanation : (Q. 66 to Q.70) 

Reference: 

Not more than 2 persons have house number more than P. 
Not more than 3 persons have house number less than Q. 
T’s house number was twice of V. 
House number of R and Q together was equal to house number V. 
Three persons seated to the right of V had house numbers less than him. 

Inference: 

Here, the possible house numbers for P are 65 or 80 or 90. And the possible house numbers for Q are 15 or 28 
or 30 or 40. 

Similarly, the possible house numbers of V and T are 15 and 30, 40 and 80, and 45 and 90. 

Here, house number 15 is not possible for V as we already know that three persons had house number less 
than V. 

And house number 40 is also not possible for V because none of the combination of the house numbers leads 
to 40 and we have a hint that house number of R and Q was equal to house number V. 

Thus, the only possible house number for V is 45 and the house number of T is 90. 

Using the above information we can also say that the house number of R and Q can be 15 and 30 not 
necessarily in the same order. And the possible house number of P can be 65 or 80. 

Reference: 

Three persons seated to the right of V had house numbers less than him. 
P is seated to the immediate right of T who is 3rd to the left of one whose house number was 45. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inference: 

With the first hint we can say that there were at least three persons sitting to the immediate right of V. 

And with the second we can say that there are two possible scenarios in which we can fix the positions of 
these persons. 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 
Difference between T and P's house number is equal to the difference between Q and U's house number. 
House number of R and Q together was equal to house number V. 

Inference: 
Here the difference between the house number of T and P can be 25 (when the house number of P is 65) or 10 
(when the house number of P is 80) 

And we know that the possible house numbers of Q are either 15 or 30. 

Now, if the house number of Q is 15 then the only possible house number for U is 40 when the house number 
of P is 65. 

And, if the house number of Q is 30 then the only possible house number for U is 40 when the house number 
of P is 80. 

Reference: 
Q was seated to the immediate right of the person whose house number was 65. 
Q and U were seated at a gap of 1 person. 

Inference:  
Using, the above information our case 1 and case 2 can be redrawn as: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
One whose house number was 28 was seated to the immediate left of the one whose house number was 40. 
S and U were not seated together. 

Inference: 
Here, Case A, Case B and Case D fails because we cannot place the person whose house number is 28 
immediate to the lefty of the person whose house number is 40 in these cases. 

At this point we can say that the house number of R is 15 and can fix his position as shown in the figure. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
S and U were not seated together. 

Inference: 
At this point we cannot place S in Case-E under the given conditions. So we can say that this is an invalid case. 

But, with the given information we can place S and W and in our Case-C. As shown in the figure below: 

Now, the puzzle is completed. 

66.    Following the final solution we can say that T was seated at the extreme left end of the row. 

Hence, the correct answer is option E. 

67. 

Following the final solution we can say that the house number of Q was 30  i.e. 3 × 10 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

68. 

Following the final solution we can say that the house numbers of T and U were 90 and 40 respectively. 

Required Average = (90 + 40) ÷ 2 = 65 

And we know that the house number of S was 65. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
69.    Following the final solution we can say that the house numbers of R and V were 15 and 45 respectively. 

Required Average = (15 + 45) ÷ 2 = 30 

And we know that the house number of Q was 30. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

70. 

Following the final solution we can say that no one was sitting between Q and S. 

Hence, the correct answer is option A. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (71-75): 

Reference: 
Eshan sits third to the right of Fateh, who has a green colour car and faces away from the centre. 

Inference: 

Reference:  
Eshan faces towards the centre and have a White colour car. Both the immediate neighbors of Eshan face 
away from the center and have either Orange or Pink colour car. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
Chitra sits third to the left of Fateh. The one who has an Orange colour car sits opposite to Fateh. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
Eshan has Volvo car. Chitra faces the person who has Mercedes car. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inference: 

Reference: 
Abhay sits second to the left of Chitra and he has neither Yellow nor Red colour car. 

Inference:  

Reference: 
The one who has a Yellow colour car sits between Harish and Fateh. 

Inference: 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
The one who has Blue colour car is not the immediate neighbour of Fateh and faces away from the centre. 

Inference: 
As we also know, both the immediate neighbors of Eshan face away from the center and have either Orange 
or Pink colour car, therefore, 

Reference: 
Bindu faces away from the centre, and have Chrysler car which is not of Blue colour. 
Honda car is of purple colour. 

Inference: 
Abhay must be having Purple color car and i.e. Honda. 
Therefore, Chitra is having Red color car. 

Reference: 

Dimpy faces away from the center and she has a Maruti car. Both the immediate neighbours of Dimpy do not 
face away from the centre. 
The person who has BMW car sits opposite to Dimpy. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inference: 

Gopal must be the one having yellow color Mercedes car. 

Reference: 

The person who has Volkswagen car is not near to Gopal or Eshan. 

Inference: 

So, Chitra must be having Volkswagen and therefore the only left Chevrolet must be owned by Fateh. 

71.    Following the common explanation, we get 

Dimpy is sitting third to the left of Eshan. 

Option E, is hence the correct answer. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
72. 

Following the common explanation, we get 

Only, Harish is facing away from the centre, hence, he does not belong to that group. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

73. 

Following the common explanation, we get 

Fateh is having Chevrolet car. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

74.    Following the common explanation, we get 

Abhay is having purple color car. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

75. 

Following the common explanation, we get 

Chitra  is sitting to the immediate right of one who is having Orange color car. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common explanation : (Q. 76 to Q. 80) 

Reference: 

T sits on the immediate left of O, who sits in the middle of the row. 

Note: From the above reference, we can say that there will be sitting three persons on the right side of O and 
three persons will be sitting on the left side of O. 

Hence, T is immediate left of O. 

Reference:   

S sits between O and R. 

Note: Here, R will be sitting second to the right of O. 

Reference: 

There is only one person sitting between T and Q. 

Note: From the above reference, we can say that Q will be sitting second to left of T.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 

There are only two persons between S and U. 

Note: From the above reference, we can say that U will be sitting third to left of S. and P will be sitting 
extreme right end. 

And the seating gets done. 

76.    Following the final seating arrangement, we can say that P and Q are sitting at the extreme ends of the 

row.  

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

77. 

Following the final seating arrangement, we can say that S is sitting between O and R. 

Hence, the correct answer is option A. 

78. 

Following the final seating arrangement, we can say that the immediate neighbours of T are O and U. 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

79.    Following the final seating arrangement, we can say that T is sitting third to the left of R. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

80. 

Following the final seating arrangement, we can say that there are three person sitting between Q and 
S. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (81-85): 

Reference:  
Vida’s age is 2 years more than half of the Sasha’s age and she is sitting on a longer side of the inside edge and 
facing north. 
Sara is sitting opposite to Alan who is 18 years old. 
Sasha is sitting opposite to the Kay who is on the right side of the person sitting opposite to Angela. 
Alan is 4 year younger than Scott and he is sitting on the longer side of outer edge. 
Kay and Sara both are of equal age and both are facing on the same direction. 

Inference: 
Studying the given information carefully we can that there are two cases possible for Vida to face north and sit 
on the longer side of the inside edge. Let’s say them Case 1 and Case 2. After that we rest of the information 
separately in both of the cases. 

Now, we can figure out the ages of some of persons on the table from the given information. Such that it is 
given that Alan’s age is 18 years. And it is also given that Alan is 4 year younger than Scott that Scott’s age is 
18+4= 22 years. We also have two clues here that Vida’s age is 2 years more than half of the Sasha’s  age and 
Kay and Sara both are of equal age but we cannot use these clues at this time so we make a mental note of 
these clues.  

  
  
  
 
 
  
 
Reference:  
Mario is sitting on a shorter side of inside edge and he is six years older than Alan. 
Betty is on the right seat of a longer side of outer edge and she is oldest person on the table with 35 years of 
age. 
Scott is sitting on left corner of the longer side of outer edge and his age is 6 years more than half of the age of 
Sara. 
Kate is sitting on a shorter side and opposite to Mark, who is facing west and 23 years old. 

Inference: 
Using the given information we can say that our case 1 is not possible under the given conditions because in 
Case 1 only left side seats are left for the person to sit on the longer side of the outer edge which means from 
now we have to work on case 2 only. And now for Kate to sit on the shorter side and opposite to Mark who is 
facing west there is only one place left like this on the table which is on the right side of the table. So we will 
place them there and after that we can place Mario and Adam easily on the table. 

From the above information we can also figure out the ages of Mark, Betty and Mario easily which are 23, 35 
and 24 respectively. We also have the clue about Scott’s age which is 6 years more than half of the age of Sara 
and we already know that Scott’s age is 22 this means Sara’s age must be 32. We know that ages of Kay and 
Sara are same then Kay’s age is also 32. 

Reference: 

Kate is 12 years older than Scott. 
Difference in ages of Vida and Angela is a multiple of seven, where Angela is older than Vida. 
Adam is 24 years old and his age is average of ages of Scott, Vida, Sasha and Angela. 

Inference: 

Studying the given information we can easily figure out the age of Kate because we already know that Scott’s 
age is 22. And as Kate is 12 years older than Scott this means Kate’s age is 34. With this information we can 
also say that sum of the ages of Scott, Vida, Sasha and Angela is 96 and after removing Scott from the given 
information we have 
(Vida’s age + Sasha’s age + Angela’s age) = 74. 

  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
Also, (Angela’s age - Vida’s age) = 7x 
Where, 7x cannot be greater than 35 (because no one is older than 35) that means value of x should be 
between 0 to 5 and it should be an integer. 

But, we already know that 
Vida’s age = (Sasha’s age)/2 +2 

Using this information, we get 
*3(Vida’s age) + Angela’s age+ = 78 

Now, 4(Vida’s age) = 78 – 7x 
Now using the values of x between 0 to 5 we can see that only 2 that can satisfy our conditions without 
contradicting any other information. 

So, Vida’s age = 16 

At this point, we can easily calculate Sasha’s age and Angela’s age which are 28 and 30 respectively.  

Now, the puzzle is finally completed and the final solution of the puzzle is as follows: 

81.    Following the final solution of the puzzle set we can say that Angela is 30 years old. 

Hence the correct answer is option (C.) 

82. 

Following the final solution of the puzzle set we can say that Betty sits opposite to one who is 16 years 
old. 

Hence the correct answer is option (B.) 

  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
83. 

Following  the  final  solution  of  the  puzzle  set  we  can  say  that  the  absolute  difference  of  the  ages  of 
Betty and Kate is 1 year. 

Hence the correct answer is option (D.) 

84.    Following the final solution of the puzzle set we can say that the sum of the ages of Vida and Sasha is 

44 years. 

Hence the correct answer is option (A.) 

85. 

Following  the  final  solution  of  the  puzzle  set  we  can  say  that  Kay  does  not  belongs  to  the  group 
because in all the other persons are sitting on the shorter sides of the edges but Kay is on the longer 
side of the edge. 

Hence the correct answer is option (E.) 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (86-90): 

Reference: 
Sheldon and Aaron were 168m apart and either 3 or less than 3 persons were standing in between them. 
Sheldon was to the immediate right of Penny. 
Penny and Grant were 91m apart. 

Inference: 
With the given information we have four possible cases for Sheldon and Aaron. Let’s see them one by one: 

Case 1: 
If Sheldon and Aaron were on consecutive positions: 

Here, a = 120m 

But if Sheldon and Aaron are on consecutive positions and Penny is on the immediate left of Sheldon then the 
distance between Penny and Grant can never be 91m. Therefore, this case is not possible 

Case 2: 
If there is only 1 person between Sheldon and Aaron: 

Then, a + a + 7= 168m 
⇒ 2a + 7 = 168 
∴ a = 80.5m 

This is not possible as we need all the values to be integral. 

Case 3: 
If there were 2 persons between Sheldon and Aaron: 

Then, a + a + 7 + a + 14 = 168m 
⇒ 3a + 21 = 168m 
∴ a = 49m 
This can be possible. 

And after we use the rest of the information to place Penny and Grant in the row 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 4: 
If there were 3 persons between Sheldon and Aaron: 

Then, a + a + 7 + a + 14 + a + 21 = 168m 
⇒ 4a + 42 = 168m 
∴ a = 31.2m 

Again this is not possible as we need all the values to be integral. 

Reference: 
The distance between Sophia and Penny was half the Distance between Aaron and Cody. 
Oliver was 133m to the left of Cody. 

Inference: 
At this point we can easily place Oliver and Cody on the row. 
And now we already know that distance between Aaron and Cody is 70m. 
Therefore, we can say that distance between Sophia and Penny is 35m. 

Reference: 
Sophia moves for 40 m in South direction, takes a left turn, moves for 70 m, takes a left turn, moves for 10 m 
and stops at point P. 
Grant moves for 50 m in South direction, takes a left turn, moves for 105 m, takes a left and moves for 20 m 
and stops at point R. 
Inference: 
Using the given information carefully we can determine the position of points P and R and we can say that 
both of these points fall in the same line. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
Referee Walter is standing 77 m west of point R. If he moves 63m towards west and he will be at point Q. 

Inference: 
With the given information we can figure out the position of referee Walter and point Q. 
The final puzzle is as follows: 

86.    Following the final solution, we can say that only one person’s sit to the right of Aaron. 

Hence the correct answer is option (A). 

87. 

Following the final solution, we can say that If referee start moving north and moves for 30m and stops 
point T then point T will exactly in the mid of Grant and Oliver. 

Hence the correct answer is option (A). 

88. 

Following the final solution, we can say that the distance between Aaron and Grant is 119m. 

Hence the correct answer is option (B). 

89.    Following the final solution, we can say that point Q is to the south-west of Cody 

Hence the correct answer is option (D). 

90. 

Following the final solution, we can say that the distance between point P and point R 161m. 

Hence the correct answer is option (C). 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (91-95): 

Step 1.  

References: 

...Ranveer is sitting third to the left of Maneet... 
...Maneet  likes  Pinni and is sitting third to the right of the one who likes Rasgulla... 
...The one who likes Kheer is sitting second to the left of the one who likes Pinni... 
...The one likes Rasgulla is to the immediate right of Sanjay and Sanjay does not like Gulabjamun.... 

Step 2.  

References: 

...Sanjay is sitting third to the left of shipra... 

...The one who likes Peda is sitting second to the left of Sanjay... 

...Vikas who likes Jalebi is sitting exactly between Maneet and Kunal... 

...Sanjeev is sitting fourth to the right of Kunal.... 

...The one who likes Ghevar is sitting second to the right of the one who likes Jalebi... 

...Neither Sanjeev nor Kunal is an immediate neighbour of Sanjay... 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Step 3.  By elimination, we get 

91.    By referring to the final seating arrangement chart, we get 

 We can clearly observe that four persons are sitting between Ranveer and Kunal, when counted in 
anti-clockwise direction from Ranveer.  

Hence, option D is correct. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
92. 

By referring to the final seating arrangement chart, we get 

We can clearly observe that Vikas is sitting third to the right of Sanjeev. 

Hence, option A is correct. 

93. 

By referring to the final seating arrangement chart, we get 

 We can clearly observe that Shipra likes Gulabjamun. 

Hence, option A is correct. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
94.    By referring to the final seating arrangement chart, we get 

We can clearly observe that the one who likes Rasgulla is sitting exactly between the one who likes 
Sheera and the one who likes Kheer not Ghevar. 

Hence Option C is correct. 

95.    By referring to the final seating arrangement chart, we get 

We can clearly observe that Except Rasgulla- Ghevar, in all other pairs the one likes first sweet is sitting 
second to the left of the one who likes second sweet. 

Hence, option D is correct. 

Common Explanations (96-100): 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Reference: 
Abhinav sits at one of the extreme ends. 

Inference: Two cases are possible as Abhinav may sit on extreme left or extreme right. 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 
Only two people sit between Abhinav and the vacant seat. 

Inference: 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 
Rahul faces the vacant seat in row-2 and sits third to the right of Aakash. Rahul likes Cherry. 

Inference: 
Case 1 fails here as Rahul cannot sit third right to Aakash, so, moving ahead with case 2 only. 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 2: 

Reference: 
The Vacant seat of row one does not face Raman and also it is not at the extreme ends. 
Manish is an immediate neighbor of Aakash. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
Neither Raman nor Rakesh sits at the extreme ends. Mohit faces Rakesh. 
Raman sits third to the right of Rakesh and likes Guava. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
Abhishek is an immediate neighbor of Raman, who faces the person who likes Berry. 
Rakesh does not like Mango and Litchi. 

Inference: Therefore, the seat which is immediate left of Rahul is vacant. 

  
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
The only seat left for Ravi is immediate right of Mohit and the seat for Tapash in row 2 is immediate left of 
Rakesh. 

Reference: 
Tapash, who likes neither Kiwi nor Orange, does not face the vacant seat. 

Inference: 

Reference: 

The one who likes Apple sits opposite the one who sits third right of the one who sits opposite Raman. 
The one who likes Apple faces the one who likes Litchi. 
The person who likes Mango and Litchi are adjacent to each other. 
 Aakash likes Pear. 

Inference: Rakesh likes Apple, therefore, Mohit likes Litchi. 
Ravi therefore likes Mango. 
Aakash likes Pear. 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
Therefore, Abhishek only left for Kiwi, Tapash for Banana and Abhinav for Orange. 

Final arrangement: 

96.    Following common explanation, we get 

Abhinav sits second to the right of the one who faces vacant seat of row one. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

97. 

Following common explanation, we get 

Tapash likes Banana. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

98. 

Following common explanation, we get 

The vacant seat of row two is related to Abhinav in the same way. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

99.    Following common explanation, we get 

Ravi sits diagonally opposite the one who likes Orange. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100.  Following common explanation, we get 

Abhishek is facing vacant seat of row 1. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer.. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us  

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (101-105): 

Reference: 
E is the only daughter of C. H is female member and F is male member. 

Inference: 

H is a female and F is a male member of the family. 

Reference: 
C’s daughter is an immediate neighbor of one who is sitting at an extreme end of the line. 

Inference: 
C’s daughter is E and as per the above reference, she may sit at two places, therefore two cases arise here: 

Case 1: 

Case 2:

Reference: 
Only three people sit between G and his wife. 

Inference: 
Hence, G is a male member of the family. 

Reference: 
C’s wife is not an immediate neighbor of E’s husband. 

Inference: 
Therefore, C is a male member. 

Reference: 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As per the summary, the relations in the family are as such: 

C + → Having a daughter E, a wife, a granddaughter. 
G + → Having a wife. 
E–→ Having husband, a brother, father-in-law 
H–→ Having daughter-in-law. 
D– → Having an Aunt. 
F+ 

Possible family tree: 

Reference: 
B → Having a daughter. 
A → Having a brother-in-law and a mother. 
G + → Having a wife. 

Inference: 

Using the above drawn family tree, and the below given References:, we will continue to complete the 
seating arrangement: 

Reference: 
Only three people sit between G and his wife. 

Inference: 
G’s Wife is E, therefore 3 people sit between G and E. 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 
B’s daughter sits second to the right of A’s brother-in-law. 
C’s granddaughter does not sit at an extreme end of the line. 

Inference: 
Thus, D sits second to the right of G. 
C’s granddaughter is D and she does not sit at any of the extreme end of the line. 
Therefore, 

Case 1: 
G cannot face south as then D need to sit at extreme end, hence G is facing north . 

Case 2: 
G cannot face north as per this case. 

Reference: 
C’s wife is not an immediate neighbor of E’s husband. A’s mother sits on the immediate left of her son. 

Inference: 
Therefore, H is not an immediate neighbor of G and also H is seated to the immediate left of her son A, thus: 

Case 1:

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 2:  

Reference: 
The immediate neighbors of E’s brother face opposite directions. (i.e. If one neighbor faces north then other 
faces south and vice versa.) 

Inference: 
E’s brother A is having G and H as immediate neighbors, they should face opposite direction. 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 
The persons sitting at the extreme ends face opposite directions.(i.e. If one person faces north then other 
faces south and vice versa.) 

Inference: 

Reference: 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

H’s daughter-in-law sits second to the left of E’s father-in-law. F faces north. F is not an immediate neighbor of 
D’s aunt. The immediate neighbours of F face same directions.(i.e. If one neighbor faces north then other also 
faces north and if one neighbor faces south then other also faces south). 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inference: 

Thus, B sits second to the left of F and F faces north direction. 
F is not immediate neighbor of D’s Aunt who is E, therefore, F have to be between D and G. 
As, B cannot be fixed at the left of F in case 1, hence, it fails here. 
G and D face the same direction. 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 

Both E and B face a direction opposite to that of D.(i.e. If D faces north then E and B faces south and vice-
versa.) 

Inference: 

Final seating arrangement: 

101.   Following common explanation, we get 

All the given statements are true. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
102.  Following common explanation, we get 

Two people sit to the left of G. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

103.  Following common explanation, we get 

D is third to the right of A. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

104.   Following common explanation, we get 

H is grandmother of D. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

105.  Following common explanation, we get 

F does not belong to that group because he is the only person here who is facing North. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer.. 

Common Explanations (106-110): 

Reference: 
Rajan is 4th to the left of the person in front of Aman. 
Aman is 2nd to the left of Rohit. 

Inference: 
Studying the given information we can say that there two possible cases for the position of Rajan and Aman. 

Case I: 

The person sitting in front of Aman is facing south. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case II: 

The person sitting in front of Aman is facing north. 

Reference: 

Harish is seated 3rd to the right of Arpit. 
Arpit and Vivek are the immediate neighbours of Sachin. 

Inference: 

We can use the given information easily in both of our cases. 

In  case  1,  we  can't  place  Arpit  between  Aman  and  Rohit  because  if  we  place  Arpit  between  them,  the 
condition that states Sachin is an immediate neighbour of Arpit becomes false. Moving forward with the  

following arrangements, we get

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 

Manish is facing the north and is seated to the left of Daya. 
Ratan is immediate right of the person infront of Arpit. 

Inference: 

At this point we cannot place Mannish in our case II under the given conditions. So, we will not continue with 
case II. But we can use this information in our case I and can complete the puzzle easily. 

The final puzzle is as follows:] 

106.   Following the final solution we can say that Ratan is in front of Rajan. 

Hence the correct answer is option D. 

107.  Following the final solution we can say that Manish is sitting second to the left of Daya. 

Hence the correct answer is option A. 

108.  Following the final solution we can say that 3 persons are sitting between Aman and Ratan. 

Hence the correct answer is option D. 

109.   Following the final solution we can say that Ratan is sitting at the extreme end of the row. 

Hence the correct answer is option C. 

110.  Following the final solution we can say that Arpit is the one that doesn’t belong to the group because 

rest of the options have such persons that are sitting in front of each other. 

Hence the correct answer is option E. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (111-115): 

Reference: 
Ramesh is to the immediate right of Vinod. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
Saurabh is second to the left of Vinod. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
Yogi is to the immediate left of Saurabh, who is facing Soniya. 
Raj is not at any of the ends. 

Inference: 

As, Raj is not at any of the ends so: 

Reference: 
There are as many girls between Soniya and Madhu as between Poonam and Gomti. Gomti and Poonam are 
not facing either Vinod or Yogi. 

Inference: 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
111.   Following the common explanation, we get 

Vinod is third to the right of Yogi. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

112.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Kusha and Poonam are not standing together so are different from the group. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

113.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Madhu is positioned in front of Vinod. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

114.   Following the common explanation, we get 

Kusha and Ramesh are at the corners of their rows. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

115.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Madhu is positioned between Poonam and Gomti. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

Common Explanations (116-120): 

Reference: 
Aarti is wife of Hakim. 
Aarti sits third to the left of Shyam. 

Inference: 
Arti is a female and Hakim is a male member. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
Ram is not an immediate neighbour of Aarti or Shyam. 
Gajendra sits second to the right of Ram. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
Hakim and Kavya are immediate neighbours of each other. 
Neither two males nor two females can be immediate neighbours. 

Inference: 
As, neither two males nor two females can be immediate neighbours, and we know Hakim is a male member 
therefore Kavya is a female member. 

Shyam must be the male member, following the same condition. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
Gajendra is not an immediate neighbour of his wife Shweta. 

Inference: 
So, Gajendra is a male member and Shweta is a female member in the meeting. 

Final arrangement: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
116.   Following the common explanation, we get 

Hakim sits third to the left of Shweta. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

117.  Following the common explanation, we get 

2 persons are sitting between Shweta and Gajendra when counted in anti-clockwise direction from 
Shweta. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

118.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Kavya is only female member in the group, hence, she does not belong to the group. 

Option E, is hence the correct answer. 

119.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Amisha sits to the immediate right of Ram. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

120.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Gajendra sits between Amisha and Aarti. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

Common Explanations (121-125): 

Reference: 

Farhan sits third to the right of Akansha. 
Farhan sits at one of the extreme ends. 
Eshan sits third to the left of Akansha.  
Eshan sits on the immediate right of Diksha. 
Diksha is one of the immediate neighbours of Eshan and is facing north. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inference: 

Following the above 5 reference points, we can come up with two cases of the seating arrangement. In case I, 
Farhan is sitting at the extreme left end and in case II, he is sitting at the extreme right end of the row. 

Reference: 

Babita sits exactly between Cheena and Farhan. 
Gopal is not an immediate neighbour of Akansha.  

Inference: 

With the help of above two reference points, we can fix the position of Cheena, Babita and Gopal as depicted 
in the images below. And it also gets clear that it's Piyush who will be sitting at the place left vacant in the 
arrangements.  

References:  

The persons sitting at the extreme ends face the same direction.  
Both the immediate neighbours of Cheena face north.  
Not more than four persons are facing north.  

Inference: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Observing both the  cases  carefully, we  can  infer  that  in  case  I  we  won't  be  able to fix directions  of  persons 
because of the unavailablity of links. However, in case II we can come up with a proper seating arrangement 
following the References: one by one as discussed below: 

Reference: 

The persons sitting at the extreme ends face the same direction.  

Inference: 

This confirms that Farhan is facing north as Diksha is also facing north. 

Reference: 

Both the immediate neighbours of Cheena face north. 

Inference: 

Evidently, Babita is also facing north as Akansha is also facing the north direction. 

Reference: 

Not more than four persons are facing north.  

Inference: 

Now, when all Farhan, Babita, Akansha and Diksha are facing north, rest of the 4 persons must be facing south 
direction. 
We thus get the final seating arrangement as: 

And, the chart gets done. 

121.   Following the common explanation, we get 

Cheena sits third to the left of Gopal. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
122.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Diksha and Gopal are the immediate neighbours of Eshan. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

123.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Two persons are sitting between Babita and Piyush. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

124.   Following the common explanation, we get 

Only Diksha is facing north so is different from the group. 

Option E, is hence the correct answer. 

125.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Eshan sits fourth to the right of Cheena. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

Common Explanations (126 – 130) :  

Reference: 
C sits third to the right of Q. 
The wife of Q sits second to the left of her husband. 

Inference: 
So, Q is a male member. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
S is not an immediate neighbour of Q. 
T is not an immediate neighbour of Q’s wife. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
R sits second to the right of her husband T. 

Inference: 

Reference: 
P is a male member. 

Inference: 
As, P is a male member, so, he cannot sit between T and Q (two male members cannot sit together), also P 
cannot sit to the immediate left of Q. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
As, S cannot be the immediate neighbor of Q, so, S must be the wife of S. 

Reference: 
B is not an immediate neighbour of S. 

Inference: 

126.    Following the common explanation, we get 

P is third to the right of T. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
127.  Following the common explanation, we get 

A is a female member. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

128.  Following the common explanation, we get 

S is wife of Q. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

129.   Following the common explanation, we get 

S and R are the immediate neighbours of P. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

130.  Following the common explanation, we get 

R sits opposite S’s husband. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

Common Explanations (131-135): 

References: 

R is the child of P and faces inside the circle. R’s age is divisible by 5. 
N is the mother of X, whose age is 6 and sits on the immediate left of P’s child. 
Three persons sit between N’s child and W, whose age is half of X. 
J is the mother of the child, whose age is 3. 

Inferences 
From above statements, 

o  Mothers are J, K, L, M, N, O, P and Q & their ages are 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37 and 38 but not necessarily 

in the same order. 

o  Children’s are R, S, T, U, V, W; X and Y & their ages are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 but not necessarily in the 

same order. 

o  R faces inside the circle and his/her age is 5 (only number divisible by 5) and R’s mother is P. 
o  N is the mother of X (X age =6) and N sits on the immediate left of R (P’s child) 
o  Three persons sit between X (N’s child) and W. W’s age is 3 (X=6, half of X =6/2 =3) 
o 

J is mother of W. Note: W’s age is 3. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
o  Note:  No  two  children  or  two  mothers  are  adjacent  to  each  other  in  either  of  the  circle.  With  this 
statement,  we  generally  know  that,  immediate  neighbour  of  children  must  be  mothers.  Similarly 
immediate neighbours of mothers must be the children. 
Based on the above information, we get the initial seating as follows, 

References:  
Only one person sits between W’s mother and Q, whose child is V, whose age is perfect cube. 
T is the daughter of O, whose age is perfect square and sits on the immediate right of V’s mother. 
Only three people sit between T’s mother and K, whose age is 34. 
Inferences 
From above statements,  

o  Only one person sits between J (W’s mother) and Q. Here we get two possibilities. Q’s child is V. V’s age is 

8 (Only number in Perfect cube) 

o  T is daughter of O. O’s age is 36 (Only perfect square among given 8 numbers). T sits on the immediate 

right of Q (V’s mother). 

o  Only 3 people sit between O (T’s mother) and K. K’s age is 34. 
By using above information, we get the following cases, 

Case: 1 

Case: 2 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
References: 
M doesn’t face inside the circle and L’s age is divisible by 11. 
L’s son is neither S nor U and he is youngest among eight children. 
U’s mother is not M. S, who is not an immediate neighbour of L. 

Inferences  
From above statements,  

o  Note: We generally know that, immediate neighbour of children must be mothers. Similarly immediate 
neighbours of mothers must be the children *It is clearly observe 4 mothers and 4 children’s are in both 
circle] 

o  Among 8 mothers, 6 (N, Q, J, O, P and K) are placed. Then remaining are M and L. So if M doesn’t face 
inside the circle, then L must be other mother, faces inside the circle. Therefore, L sits on the immediate 
right of R (case-1) and 2nd right of J (case-2). Similarly M sits on immediate left of W in both cases. L’s age 
is 33 (only number divisible by 11) 

o  L’s son must be Y (other than S and U). Y is 1 year old i.e. youngest among eight children. 
o  Finally, U’s mother must be K (other than M) and S’s mother must be M. S is not an immediate neighbour 

of L, by this Case-2 gets eliminated as shown in figure. 
o  By using above information, we get the following cases, 

Case : 1 

Case : 2 

  
 
  
References: 
N is older than Q and both of them ages are prime numbers. 
U is Younger than S and difference between the age is 2. 
The one, whose age is 38 doesn’t face inside the circle. 
The mother of S is younger than P. 

Inferences 
From above statements, 

o  N>Q and both of them ages are prime numbers (31 & 37 are prime numbers). 

           So N’s age =37 & Q’s age =31 

o  U<S and the children’s ages left are 2, 4 & 7. To make difference between the age is 2 (4-2 =2). 

           Then S’s age =4 & U’s age =2. 
           Therefore T’s age is 7. 

o  Now M, P and J are left among mothers. P and M sit in the inner circle & M is younger than P so P's age is 

38 and M's age is 32. Then J’s age is 35.(The only left age among the mothers) 

Thus we get complete arrangement of seating as shown below, 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
131.  From the following common explanation, we get "Only P and Q". 

P’s age =38 (Eldest person) and Q’s age =31 (Youngest person) 

Hence, option C is correct. 

132.  The 

following 

common 

explanation,  we 

get "Y 

sits 

in 

the 

inner 

circle". 

Remaining all sits in the outer circle. 

Hence, option C is correct. 

133.  The following common explanation, we get "42". 

W’s mother’s age (J = 35) & O’s child age (T = 7), Sum = 35 + 7 = 42. 

Hence, option D is correct. 

134.   The following common explanation, we get  

"M’s child is S & K’s child is U". 

Hence, option D is correct. 

135.  The following common explanation, we get  

"The one, whose age is 31 and the one whose age is 35". 

S age = 4 and his/her immediate neighbours are Q and J 

Q’s age = 31 & J’s age = 35. 

Hence, option C is correct. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (136-140): 

Reference: 
Farhan sits third to the right of Akansha. 
Farhan sits at one of the extreme ends. 
Eshan sits third to the left of Akansha.  
Eshan sits on the immediate right of Diksha. 
Diksha is one of the immediate neighbours of Eshan and is facing north. 

Inference: 
Following the above 5 reference points, we can come up with two cases of the seating arrangement. In case I, 
Farhan is sitting at the extreme left end and in case II, he is sitting at the extreme right end of the row. 

Reference: 
Babita sits exactly between Cheena and Farhan. 
Gopal is not an immediate neighbour of Akansha.  

Inference: 
With the help of above two reference points, we can fix the position of Cheena, Babita and Gopal as depicted 
in the images below. And it also gets clear that it's Piyush who will be sitting at the place left vacant in the 
arrangements.  

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
References: 
The persons sitting at the extreme ends face the same direction.  
Both the immediate neighbours of Cheena face north.  
Not more than four persons are facing north.  

Inference: 
Observing both the  cases  carefully, we  can  infer  that  in  case  I  we  won't  be  able to fix directions  of  persons 
because of the unavailablity of links. However, in case II we can come up with a proper seating arrangement 
following the References: one by one as discussed below: 

Reference: 
The persons sitting at the extreme ends face the same direction.  

Inference: 
This confirms that Farhan is facing north as Diksha is also facing north. 

Reference: 
Both the immediate neighbours of Cheena face north. 

Inference: 
Evidently, Babita is also facing north as Akansha is also facing the north direction. 

Reference: 
Not more than four persons are facing north.  

Inference: 
Now, when all Farhan, Babita, Akansha and Diksha are facing north, rest of the 4 persons must be facing south 
direction. 

We thus get the final seating arrangement as: 

And, the chart gets done. 

136.   Following the common explanation, we get 

Cheena sits third to the left of Gopal. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
137.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Diksha and Gopal are the immediate neighbours of Eshan. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

138.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Two persons are sitting between Babita and Piyush. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

139.   Following the common explanation, we get 

Only Diksha is facing north so is different from the group. 

Option E, is hence the correct answer. 

140.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Eshan sits fourth to the right of Cheena. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (141-145): 

Reference: 

Fatima is fourth to the right of Chaya and second to the left of Kaushal, who is fifth to the right of Ajit. 
Gagan is second to the right of Chaya. 
Beena is fourth to the left of Gagan. 

Inference: 

Reference: 

There are only three persons between Jaya and Ajit. 

Inference: 

Reference: 

Dimple is not an immediate neighbour of either Kaushal or Beena. 

Inference: 

Final image: 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
141.   Following the common explanation, we get 

Dimple is sitting between Fatima and Gagan. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

142.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Gagan is third to the right of Hemant. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

143.  Following the common explanation, we get 

Gagan is third to the left of Jaya. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

144.   Following the common explanation, we get 

Kaushal and Beena are sitting at the extreme ends of line. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

145.  Following the common explanation, we get 

If Kaushal and Hemant exchange their places, then Chaya will be sitting on the immediate right of 
Kaushal. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

Common Explanations (146-150): 

Reference: 
Fourteen numbers – 11 to 24 are written in two parallel rows such that numbers from 11 to 17 are written in 
row 1 facing towards south direction and numbers from 18 to 24 are written in the row 2 such that all are 
facing towards north direction. Each number written in the row 1 faces the number written in row 2. 

Inference: 
We will keep this information in mind while solving the puzzle. 

Reference: 
11 is written third to the right of 12 such that either 12 or 11 is written at the end of the row. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Inference: 
Here, we have two possible scenarios in which the above information can be used accordingly. 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 
19 is written third to the right of 20. 
Neither 19 nor 20 face 11 and 12. 
None of the immediate neighbours 12 faces 20. 

Inference: 
Here, we can use the above hints easily in case 1 but there are two possible scenarios in which the above hints 
can be used in case 2. 

Case 1: 

Case 2-A: 

Case 2-B: 

Reference: 
The one which faces 13 is written third to the right of 18. 
13 is written third to the left of 16. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Inference: 
After using the above hints all of our cases can be redrawn as: 

Case 1: 

Case 2-A: 

Case 2-B: 

Reference: 

One of the immediate neighbours of 16 Faces 22, which is not written at the end of the row. 
24 does not face 13. 
23 and 24 are immediate neighbours. 

Inference: 
At this point, we cannot use the above hints in case 2-B so we can say that case 2-B is an invalid case. 

Case 1: 

Case 2-A: 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
14 is not the immediate neighbour of 13. 
21 does not face 17 and 13. 
14 does not face 21. 
15 is not written at the end of the row. 

Inference: 
At this point, we cannot use the above hints in case 2-A so we can say that case 2-A is an invalid case. 

Case 1: 

Reference: 
17 is written on the left of 15 but not on the immediate left. 

Inference: 
After using the above hints, we have: 

Case 1: 

146.  Following the final solution we can say that  

16 is written third to the right of one which faces 23. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

147.  Following the final solution we can say that  

four numbers are written on the right of 15. 

Hence, the correct answer is option E. 

148.  Following the final solution we can say that  

11 is written in front of 21. 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
149.  Following the final solution we can say that  

21 and 17 are written at the extreme ends of the row. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

150.   Following the final solution we can say that  

three numbers are written on the left of 22. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

Common Explanations (151-155): 

References: 
Therefore in the given seating arrangement each members seated in a row faces another members of the 
other row.  

In Row-1, all are facing south and in Row-2 all are facing north direction. 

Two persons sit between the one who like Reuben and the one who like Moose, who sits at extreme end. 

Neel sits second to the left of Isaac, who sits opposite to the one who like Reuben. 

The one who like Almond sits immediate right of Isaac. 

Inferences 
From above statements, 

  ● Note: Given, all the persons are facing each other, then vacant seats also opposite to each other. 
  ● Also, we don’t know who are all in each rows. So we have to solve based on the possibility. 
  ● The one who like Moose, who sits at extreme end. Here we get 4 possibilities 

Based on the other statements, we get following initial seating as shown, 

Row-1 (South) 
Food 
Persons 

Persons 
Food 
Row-2 (North) 

Case: 1 

Moose 

   Reuben 

Neel    

Isaac 

Almond 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Row-1 (South) 
Food 
Persons 

Persons 
Food 
Row-2 (North) 

Row-1 (South) 
Food 
Persons 

Persons 
Food 
Row-2 (North) 

Case: 1-A 

Reuben 

Moose 

Neel 

Isaac 

Almond 

Case: 2 

Almond 

Isaac 

Neel 

Reuben 

Moose 

Case: 2-A 

Almond 

Row-1 (South) 
Food 
Persons 

Isaac 

Neel 

Persons 
Food 
Row-2 (North) 

Moose 

Reuben 

Note: All the above cases are possible; only if two people are sit between the one who like Reuben and the 
one  who  like  Moose.  If  there  is  vacant  seat  in  between,  then  the  position  of  the  one  like  Reuben  gets 
changed, with that all the others position also gets changed. 

References:  
The one who like Fish is sit at extreme end. 

The one who like Fish and the one who like Bread sits diagonally opposite to each other. 

The one who like Corn sits second to the right of the one who like Fish. 

The one who like Corn and the one who like Ostrich sits opposite to each other. 

Vacant seats are not in the extreme end. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Inferences 
From above statements, 

o  By combining all above information, the following seating we obtained are 
o 
v. 

In Case (1), the one who like Fish is sit at extreme end. 
If the one who like Fish is sit at extreme left end of Row-1, then the one who like Corn sits second to 
the right of the one who like Fish is not possible. 
If the one who like Fish is sit at extreme right end of Row-2, then the one who like Corn sits second to 
the right of the one who like Fish is not possible. 
If the one who like Fish is sit at extreme left end of Row-2, then the one who like Corn sits second to 
the right of the one who like Fish is possible. But all the 5 seats (In Row-2) from left are filled by this 
statement. Then the vacant seat comes at extreme right end, which is not possible. So Case-1 is not 
possible with respect to above statements. 

v. 

v. 

 Note: All the above conditions explained (the one who like Fish, at end) is applicable for all above 4 cases. It 
means that, we can’t continue all the above 4 cases as it is. From, here we clearly observe that the vacant seat 
is in between the one who like Reuben and the one who like Moose. So we have to change all above 4 cases 
(1, 1-A, 2 & 2-A) with respect to the one who like Reuben. 

o 

In Case (1), the one who like Fish is sit at extreme left end of Row-2. Then Neel likes Corn. The one who 
like Bread is sit at extreme left end of Row-1 and the one who like Ostrich sits opposite to Neel. 
[Note: Position of the one who like Reuben & others are changed from initial solving] 

Case: 1 

Row-1 (South) 
Food 
Persons 

Moose      Ostrich      Reuben  Bread 

Persons 
Food 
Row-2 (North) 

   Neel 

Isaac    

Fish 

   Corn 

Almond 

 In Case (1-A), both possibilities as above explained are not possible. If we not shifted the position of the one 
who like Reuben, then there is no place for Ostrich & Bread as shown in table. If we shift the position of the 
one who like Reuben, then there is no place for Neel. So this case is not possible in either way, hence it can be 
eliminated. 

Case: 1-A [Eliminated] 
Reuben/ 
Ostrich 

     Moose/Bread 

Row-1 (South) 
Food 
Persons 

Neel    

Isaac 

Persons 
Food 
Row-2 (North) 

Fish     Corn  Almond       

o 

In Case (2), the one who like Fish is sit at extreme left end of Row-1. Then Neel likes Corn. The one who 
like Bread is sit at extreme left end of Row-2 and the one who like Ostrich sits opposite to Neel. 
[Note: Position of the one who like Reuben & others are changed from initial solving ] 

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
     
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Case: 2 

Row-1 (South) 
Food 
Persons 

Almond 

      Corn        Fish 

Isaac 

   Neel 

Persons 
Food 
Row-2 (North) 

Bread  Reuben     Ostrich     Moose 

o 

In Case (2-A), both possibilities as above explained are not possible. If we not shifted the position of 
the one who like Reuben, then there is no place for Ostrich & Bread as shown in table. If we shift the 
position of the one who like Reuben, then there is no place for Neel. So this case is not possible in 
either way, hence it can be eliminated. 

Case: 2-A [Eliminated] 

Row-1 (South) 
Food 
Persons 

   Almond  Corn 

   Fish 

Isaac 

     Neel 

Persons 
Food 
Row-2 (North) 

Moose/ 
Bread 

Reuben / 
Ostrich 

Note: Out of 4 cases, two are eliminated and two (Case-1 & 2) are left to continue. 

References: 
Laksh sits second to the right of Row-1, vacant seat. 

Jason sits third to the right of the one who like Toast. 

The one who like Toast and the one who like Gumbo sits opposite to each other. 

Inferences 
From above statements, 

o 

In Case-1, the vacant seat in Row-1 is 3rd from the left end and vacant seat in Row-2 is 3rd from the 
right end. 

o  Laksh sits on the immediate right of the one who like Ostrich. 
o 

Jason sits third to the right of the one who like Toast. Here no place for Jason as per the statement. 
Hence this can be eliminated. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
     
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
     
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Case: 1 [Eliminated] 
Jason sits third to the right of the one who like Toast. 
No place for Jason in either of the rows 

Row-1 (South) 
Food 

Moose 

   Ostrich 

Reuben  Bread 

Vacant 

Persons 

Laksh   

Persons 

Food 
Row-2 (North) 

Fish 

Neel 

Corn 

Vacant 

Isaac    

Almond 

o 

In Case-2, we get two possibilities for vacant seats in both rows as shown in table. The vacant seat in 
Row-1 is 4th from the left end and vacant seat in Row-2 is 4th from the right end. Laksh likes Almond sit 
extreme right end of Row-1. Jason sits third to the right of the one who like Toast. Here no place for 
Jason as per the statement. Hence this can be eliminated. 

Case: 2[Eliminated] 
Jason sits third to the right of the one who like 
Toast. 
No place for Jason in either of the rows 

Row-1 (South) 
Food 

Almond 

Corn        Fish 

Vacant 

Persons 

Laksh 

Isaac 

Neel    

Persons 

Food 
Row-2 (North) 

Bread  Reuben 

Ostrich     Moose 

Vacant 

o 

In Case-2-B, the vacant seat in Row-1 is 2nd from the left end and vacant seat in Row-2 is 2nd from the 
right end. Laksh sits on the immediate right of Neel. Here Jason likes Moose sit at extreme right end of 
the Row-2. Laksh like Gumbo and sits opposite to the one who like Toast. 

By using above all information, we get the following case-2-B as shown below. 

Case: 2-B 

Row-1 (South) 
Food 

Almond   

Gumbo Corn 

Fish 

Vacant 

Persons 

Isaac 

Laksh  Neel 

Persons 

Jason 

Food 
Row-2 (North) 

Bread  Reuben Toast  Ostrich 

Moose 

Vacant 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
References: 
Samar sits second to the left of Kabir and does not like either Reuben or Gumbo. 

Only one person sits between Amol and Ranbir. 

Ranbir sits opposite to the one who is an immediate neighbor of Farhan. 

Inferences 
From above statements 

o  Samar likes Bread & sit at extreme left end of Row-2 and Kabir likes Toast (Only possibility) 
o  Ranbir likes Reuben and Amol likes Ostrich (Only possibility with 3rd reference pint) 
o  Farhan likes Almond and his immediate neighbor is Isaac & Isaac faces Ranbir. So the given condition 

satisfied. 

o  Finally, Isaac likes Hot Dogs and Darsh likes Fish. Thus we get completed arrangement of all persons. 

Case: 2-B 

Row-1 (South) 
Food 

Almond Hot Dogs Gumbo  Corn 

Fish 

Vacant 

Persons 

Farhan 

Isaac 

Laksh  Neel 

Darsh 

Persons 

Samar  Ranbir  Kabir  Amol 

Jason 

Food 
Row-2 (North) 

Bread  Reuben  Toast  Ostrich 

Moose 

Vacant 

151.  The following common explanation, we get "Ranbir". 

Amol like Ostrich and his/her 2nd left is Ranbir. 

Hence, option B is correct. 

152.  The following common explanation, we get "One". 

Laksh like Gumbo & Darsh (Opposite of Jason). 

In between Laksh and Darsh, 1 person sitting & 1 vacant seat is there. 

Hence, option A is correct. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
153.  The following common explanation, we get "Kabir". 

Farhan like Almond & Opposite of Farhan is Samar. Kabir is 2nd to the right of Samar 

Hence, option D is correct. 

154.  The following common explanation, we get "Isaac, Darsh, Farhan" are seated in Row-1 

Hence, option E is correct. 

155.  The following common explanation, we get "Laksh and the one who like Bread". 

Explanation: Laksh & his Opposite person is Kabir. Kabir’s 2nd left is Samar. Samar likes Bread [i.e Laksh 
and Opposite Person’s 2nd left is Paired+. 

Remaining 4 options are paired, 

Person and Opposite Person’s 2nd Right Example: Farhan opposite is Samar. Samar’s 2nd right is Kabir. 
Kabir likes Toast. 

Hence, option C is correct. 

Common Explanations (156-160): 

Reference: 
H sits 2nd to the right of the friend who likes basketball. 

B is the neighbour of the one who likes basketball. 

B likes hockey. 

Inference: 
For the position of B there could be 2 possible cases- 

Case 1: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
The one who likes football sit between C and E. 

E likes cricket and sits immediate right of F. 

F don’t like football. 

Inference: 
For the position of E and C there are 3 possible sub cases: 

Case 1.a: 

Reference: 
G likes kho kho and sits 2nd to the right of the one who likes volleyball. 

The friend who likes table tennis sits opposite to G. 

Reference: 
A and D both don’t like neither badminton nor table tennis.  

Inference: 
Since A and D both don’t like badminton this case is invalid. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1.b: 

Reference: 
G likes kho kho and sits 2nd to the right of the one who likes volleyball. 

The friend who likes table tennis sits opposite to G. 

Inference: 
This case is invalid as position of G and the one who likes table tennis cannot be fixed. 

Case 1.c: 

Reference: 
G likes kho kho and sits 2nd to the right of the one who likes volleyball. 

The friend who likes table tennis sits opposite to G. 

Inference: 
Position of G and the one who likes Football can be fixed. 

Reference: 
A and D both don’t like neither badminton nor table tennis.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Inference: 
Since A and D both don’t like Table tennis this case is invalid. 

Case 2: 

Reference: 
The one who likes football sit between C and E. 

E likes cricket and sits immediate right of F. 

F don’t like football. 

Inference: 
For the position of C and E there are 2 sub cases: 

Case 2.a: 

Reference: 
G likes kho kho and sits 2nd to the right of the one who likes volleyball. 

The friend who likes table tennis sits opposite to G. 

Inference: 
Position of G and the one who likes Football can be fixed. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 
A and D both don’t like neither badminton nor table tennis. 

Inference: 

From the above condition A and D either likes volleyball or football and H likes badminton. 

Case 2.b: 

Reference: 

G likes kho kho and sits 2nd to the right of the one who likes volleyball. 

The friend who likes table tennis sits opposite to G. 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inference: 

From the above condition position of G and the one who likes volleyball cannot be fixed. Hence this case is 
invalid. 

Case 2.a is the final arrangement. 

156.   From the given solution H likes Badminton. 

Hence the correct answer is option C. 

157.  G sits between the one who likes Basketball and the one who likes Football. 

Hence the correct answer is option A. 

158.  From the given solution A likes either Volleyball or Football. 

Hence the correct answer is option E. 

159.   The following common explanation, we get  

Either A or D sits 2nd to the right of F. 

Hence the correct answer is option E. 

160.  The following common explanation, we get 

From the given solution 2 people sit between F and the one who likes Football. 

Hence the correct answer is option B. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (161-165): 

References: 
Fazith sits third from the left end and likes RBI. 

Vernish sits immediate left of the person who likes RBI. 

Vernish likes Axis Bank. 

Only one person sits to the left of Vernish. 

No person sits between Aravind and Fazith. 

Aravind sit second to the left of Ram. 

Ram is not a neighbor of the vacant seat. 

There is no vacant seat at the extreme ends. 

Five people seated between two vacant seats. 

Inferences 

From above statements, 

o  Some of the information is given directly and it can be placed first in the seating as follows, 
o  No person sits between Aravind and Fazith. Here it may be they are immediate neighbors or there is 

o 

one vacant seat in between (two possibilities) 
In  Case  (1),  No  vacant  seat  at  extreme  ends.  Ram  is  not  a  neighbour  of  the  vacant  seat.  There  is  5 
people sit between two vacant seats. To satisfy all this condition, then Case (1) is not possible. So it can 
be eliminated. 

Case: 1 [Eliminated] 
Not satisfied: Ram is not a neighbor of the 
vacant  seat.  No  vacant  seat  at  extreme 
ends.  There  is  5  people sit between two 
vacant seats. 
  Vernish  Fazith  Aravind 
Axis 
Bank 

  Ram              

RBI 

Person↑ 

Banks 
(North) 

o 

In Case (2), all above said conditions are satisfied and we get the initial seating arrangement as follows, 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
            
  
 
 
Person↑ 

  Vernish Fazith 

Aravind   Ram     

Case: 2 

Vacant 
Seat 

Vacant 
Seat 

Banks 
(North) 

Axis 
Bank 

RBI 

References: 

There is one vacant seat between Ragu and Nithya and no other person sit between them. 
Anbu sits third to the left of one of the vacant seats.  Aruna is not a neighbour of Anbu. 
No person sits between Ram and Aruna. 
Only one person sits between Aruna and one of the vacant seats. 
Arivu sits second to the right of one of the vacant seats. Arivu does not like BOB. 
The person who likes BOB sits second to the right of one of the vacant seat. 
The only neighbour of the person who likes Corporation Bank sits second to the left of Atal. 

Inferences 

From above statements, 

o  There 

is  one  vacant  seat  between  Ragu  and  Nithya  and  no  other  person  sit  between 

them. Therefore   Nithya/Ragu sits 2nd or 4thfrom the right end (only possibility). 

o  Anbu  sits  third  to  the  left  of  one  of  the  vacant  seats.   Here  Anbu  sits  at  extreme  left  end  (only 

possibility) 

o  No person sits between Ram and Aruna .Only one person sits between Aruna and one of the vacant 

seats. [Here, we get two possibilities as shown in Case 2 & Case 2-A] 

o  Arivu sits second to the right of one of the vacant seats. Arivu does not like BOB. [Here, in case (2), 
we get only one possibility that is; Arivu sits at extreme right end. But in case(2-A) we get one more 
possibility as we don’t know the exact vacant seat and it is shown in Case 2-B] 

o  The  person  who  likes  BOB  sits  second  to  the  right  of  one  of  the  vacant  seat.  Here  it  is followed in 

each case shown. 

o  Now, remaining only person is Atal and he seated as per the place left in each case. 
o  The only neighbour of the person who likes Corporation Bank sits second to the left of Atal. [Based 

on this condition, Case 2-A & 2-B are eliminated as shown in fig] 

Note: Aravind who likes Corporation Bank and his only neighbour is Aruna. Aruna sits second to the left of 
Atal. This condition not satisfied in case 2-A and Case 2-B 

Case: 2 

Person↑ 

Anbu Vernish Fazith 

Aravind  Aruna Ram Atal 

Banks 
(North) 

Axis 
Bank 

RBI 

Corporation 
Bank 

BOB 

Vacant 
Seat 

Nithya/ 
Ragu  Vacan 
Seat 

Nithya/ 
Ragu 

Arivu 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

BOB 

Join us  

 
    
  
  
  
  
    
    
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Case: 2-A [Eliminated] 

Person↑ 

Not Satisfied: The only neighbour of the person who likes Corporation Bank sits second to the left 
Atal. 
of 

Anbu  Vernish  Fazith 

Banks 
(North) 

Axis 
Bank 

RBI 

Vacant 
Seat 

Aravind  Arivu  Ram  Aruna 

BOB 

Nithya/ 
Ragu 

Vacant 
Seat 

Nithya/ 
Ragu 

Atal 

BOB 

Case: 2-B [Eliminated] 

Person↑ 

Not Satisfied: The only neighbour of the person who likes Corporation Bank sits second to the left 
of Atal. 

Anbu  Vernish  Fazith 

Banks 
(North) 

Axis 
Bank 

RBI 

Vacant 
Seat 

Aravind  Atal  Ram  Aruna 

BOB 

Nithya/ 
Ragu 

Vacant 
Seat 

Nithya/ 
Ragu 

Arivu 

BOB 

Note:  From above statements, Case (2-A) and Case (2-B) are eliminated. Only Case (2) is left to continue. 

References: 

Ram does not like IOB. One of the immediate neighbors of Ram likes Dena Bank. 

The person who likes Dena Bank and IOB are immediate neighbors. 

The person who likes LVB and Axis Bank are immediate neighbors. 

The person who likes BOI and Canara Bank are immediate neighbors. 

Nithya neither likes IOB nor BOI. 

Inferences 

From above statements, 

o  Ram does not like IOB and Nithya does not like IOB. The person who likes Dena Bank and IOB are 
immediate neighbors. One of the immediate neighbors of Ram likes Dena Bank. Then Atal likes Dena 
Bank and Ragu likes IOB. 

 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
o  The person who likes LVB and Axis Bank is immediate neighbors. Then Anbu likes LVB as per seating 

arrangement. 

o  Nithya  does  not  like  BOI  and  the  person  who  likes  BOI  and  Canara  Bank  is  immediate 

neighbors.  Then Nithya likes Canara Bank and Arivu likes BOI. 

o  Finally, Ram likes HDFC Bank. Thus we get the final table as follows, 

Person↑ 

Anbu Vernish Fazith 

Case: 2 

Aravind  Aruna Ram  Atal 

Banks 
(North) 

LVB 

Axis 
Bank 

RBI 

Corporation 
Bank 

BOB 

HDFC 
Bank 

Dena 
Bank 

IOB 

Canara 
Bank 

BOI 

Vacant 
Seat 

Nithya Arivu 

Ragu Vacant 
Seat 

161.   The following common explanation, we get "Nithya-Canara Bank”. 

Hence, option B is correct. 

162.  The following common explanation, we get " Vernish(Axis Bank) and his 3rd right is Aravind who likes 

Corporation Bank”. 

Hence, option D is correct. 

163.  The following common explanation, we get “Ram sits exactly between Aravind (Corporation Bank) 

and Ragu (IOB)”. 

Hence, option D is correct. 

164.  The following common explanation, we get "None” Arivu likes BOI sits at extreme right end. 

Hence, option A is correct. 

165.  In the following common explanation shown that Nithya likes Canara bank. 

Hence, option D is correct. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (166-170): 

Reference: 

1. Rachel who is reading Outlaw, is sitting at the third position to the right of Henry and is reading one of the 
novels by same author. 

2. Sofia is sitting at the second position to the right of rachel. 

3. Henry is reading Fugitive and is sitting opposite to that of Hiram, who is facing away from the center. 

4. Both Paul and Henry are reading novels by same author. 

Inference: 

  Henry and Hiram are reading the novel by the same author. 
  Paul and Henry are also facing away from the center. 
  Direction and book read by Rachel is given to us, So we will begin with her. 

Reference: 
1. Paul is reading Judgement and is sitting third position to the right of Betty. 

2. Betty is reading Shadowfell. 

3. The person reading Legends is sitting at the second position to the left of the person who is reading Shadow 
hunters. 

Inference: 

Now if we want to place Betty, there will be two Cases according to mentioned conditions and since four of 
them are facing away from the center, that makes paul fouth one who is facing away from the center. Hence 
Betty is facing center of the table. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Case (I): 

Case (II): 

Reference:  
1. John is sitting the second position to right of Betty and is reading Legends. 

Inference: 
From reference we can say that case II will be eliminated because to the second right of Betty in case 2 the 
place is already occupied. 

Reference: 
1.The person reading Legends is sitting at the second position to the left of the person who is reading Shadow 
hunters. 

2. Hiram is not reading Scarlet. 

Inference: 
Using the hints given above as reference, we get the final seating arrangement as:  

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
166.   Following the common explanation, it is clear that option C is correct. 

167.  Following the common explanation, it is clear that option D is correct. 

168.   

Following the common explanation, and modifying it according to condition in the question It is clear 
that option B. 

169.  Following the common explanation we can see that books written by same author are read by Henry,  

Paul, Hiram and Rachel. Therefore, Andrew is the one not reading the book by same author, making 
option E the correct answer. 

170.  Following the  common explanation  we  can  see that  Judgement novel  is  read by the  person  who  sits 

opposite to Andrew. 

Hence option C is correct. 

Common explanation (171 – 175) :  

Reference: 

Twelve persons are sitting in two parallel rows containing six persons each, in such a way that there is an equal 
distance between adjacent persons. In row-1, Joshi, Jaya, Jeet, Jamal, Juber and Jina are seated and all of them 
are facing south. In row- 2, Prem, Pinu, Pal, Punj, Poran and Pooja are seated and all of them are facing north. 
Therefore, in the given seating arrangement each member seated in a row faces another member of the other 
row. 

Inference: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
We will keep this information in mind while solving the puzzle. 

Reference: 

Joshi sits third to the left of Juber. 

Neither Joshi nor Juber sits at extreme end of the line. 

Inference: 

After using the above hints we have: 

Reference: 

Prem sits second to the right of Poran. 

Neither Prem nor Poran faces Juber or Joshi. 

Prem does not sit at an extreme end. 

Inference: 

After using the given hints above figure can be redrawn as: 

Reference: 
Jeet does not face Prem and Jeet does not sit at an extreme end of the line. 

Inference: 
Here, we can fix the position of Jeet in the above figure as: 

 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Reference:  
Only one person sits between Pooja and Pal. 

Neither Pooja nor Pal faces Juber. 

Pal does not sit at the extreme end. 

Inference: 
After using the above hints we have: 

Reference: 
Only one person sits between Jaya and Jina. 

Pooja is not an immediate neighbour of Pinu and Prem does not face Jina. 

Inference: 
After using the above hints we have: 

At this point we can easily fix the position of Jamal and Punj in their respective rows. 

171.    Following the final solution, we can say that two persons sit between Juber and Joshi. 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

172.  Following  the  final  solution,  we  can  say  that  Poran  is  the  one  that  does  not  belong  to  the  group 

because of the persons Poran is the only one who sits at an extreme end. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
173.  Following the final solution, we can say that Juber faces Pinu. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

174.   Following the final solution, we can say that Jamal sits on the immediate left of the one faces Punj. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

175.   Following the final solution, we can say that none of the given statements is correct. 

Hence, the correct answer is option E. 

Common Explanations (176-180): 

References:  
Qadir sits at corner and facing away from the centre of the table. 

The person sitting to the immediate right of Qadir is sitting at the corner of the table. 

Tarini, whose profession is Scientist, sits second to the left of Qadir and the person whose profession is 
Lawyer. 

Umesh, who is not the immediate neighbor of Qadir, is facing the person, whose profession is Doctor. 

Inferences: 
From above statements, 
By using above information, it is clearly observed that, no one sits to the immediate right of Qadir. 

Tarini, whose profession is Scientist, sits second to the left of Qadir and also, Tarini sits second to the left of 
the one whose profession is Lawyer (as per seating, Lawyer faces inside the table) 

Umesh faces Doctor. Umesh is not an immediate neighbor of Qadir. Here we get two possibilities as shown in 
figure. 

By using above information, we get the initial seating as follows, 

Case: 1 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
Case : 2 

References: 
Surya, whose profession is Teacher, is an immediate neighbor of the person whose, profession is Lawyer. 

Surya is not the immediate neighbor of Tarini. 

Rithesh is not sitting on the edge of the table. 

Inferences: 
From above statements, 

Rithesh sits corner of the table. By this case: 2 get eliminated as shown in figure. 

Case : 1 

In Case: 2 there is no place for Rithesh at any corner. Hence this case is eliminated. 

Case : 2 [Eliminated] 

References:  
The immediate neighbors of Prakash are facing different directions. The person sitting on the edges are facing 
towards each other. 

The one whose profession is Scientist is not sitting to the immediate right of the person whose profession is 
Banker. 

The person whose profession is Banker does not sit at the edge of the table. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
Inferences:  
From above statements, 

Prakash  is  a  doctor.  Prakash  and  Umesh  (both  are  sitting  on  edges)  are  facing  each  other.  One  of  the 
immediate neighbors of Prakash is Qadir who faces outside and other one is Tarini, who faces inside the table. 

Therefore,  Rithesh  must  face  outside  the  table  (Maximum  2  persons  can  sit  together  who  faces  same 
direction) 

The one whose profession is Scientist is not sitting to the immediate right of the person whose profession is 
Banker.  
 Here, Rithesh is Engineer and Qadir is banker. Finally, Surya direction cannot be determined, he face either 
shown, 
inside 

Thus  we 

completed 

outside 

seating 

table. 

the 

the 

get 

or 

as 

Case: 1 

176.   The following common explanation, we get "Immediate left of Prakash is Qadir, who is a Banker". 

Hence, option A is correct. 

177.  The following common explanation, we get "Rithesh-Engineer". 

Hence, option C is correct. 

178.  The following common explanation, we get "Cannot be determined". 

Surya faces either inside or outside and his immediate right is either Qadir or Umesh. 

Hence, option E is correct. 

179.   The following common explanation, we get "Prakash-Doctor". 

Hence, option C is correct. 

  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
180.  The following common explanation, we get "Rithesh, who is Engineer and his immediate right is 

Tarini". 

Hence, option B is correct. 

Common Explanations (181 -185): 

Reference: 

  People who like Red do not face each other. 
  People liking Red sit at extreme ends of the rows. 
  B likes red. 
  People who like Red do not sit in the same row. 
  E sits third to the right of B. 

Inference: 

Case(I): When B faces North  

Color 
Persons Row 2 
facing South 
Persons Row 1 
facing North 
Color 

B 

Red 

Case(II): When B faces South 

Color 
Persons Row 1 
facing South 
Persons Row 2 
facing North 
Color 

Red 

E  

E  

Red 

Red 

B 

Reference: 

  People facing B and sitting next to him both like Black. 
  No two people liking same color sit opposite or next to each other. 

Inference: 
With the help of second hint, position of colors can be determined in both the cases. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
Case(I): When B faces North  

Color 
Persons Row 2 
facing South 
Persons Row 1 
facing North 
Color 

Black  White  Black  White  Red 

B 

E  

Red  Black  White  Black  White 

Case(II): When B faces South 

Color 
Persons Row 1 
facing South 
Persons Row 2 
facing North 
Color 

White  Black  White  Black  Red 

E  

B 

Red  White  Black  White  Black 

Reference: 

  R sits at one of the extreme ends. 
  T is an immediate neighbour of R. 
  Two people sit between Q and T. 
  Q does not like red. 

Inference: 
Here, R cannot sit opposite to B, because this will violate the last hint in both the cases. 

Case(I): When B faces North 

Color 
Persons Row 2 
facing South 
Persons Row 1 
facing North 
Color 

Black  White  Black  White  Red 

Q 

B 

R 

T 

E  

Red  Black  White  Black  White 

Case(II): When B faces South 

Color 
Persons Row 1 
facing South 
Persons Row 2 
facing North 

E  

T 

R 

White  Black  White  Black  Red 

B 

Q 

Black 

Color 

Red  White  Black  White 

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
Reference:  

  A does not like black. 
  S and A like same color. 
  Person who likes red is not an immediate neighbour of D. 
  D does not faces P. 

Inference: 
As A does not like black and, S and A like same color, thus A and S both like White. 
In this way both the cases satisfy the given hints and the final arrangement looks like following. 
Case(I): When B faces North 

Color 
Persons Row 2 
facing South 
Persons Row 1 
facing North 
Color 

Black  White  Black  White  Red 

Q 

B 

S 

C 

P 

A 

T 

E  

R 

D 

Red  Black  White  Black  White 

Case(II): When B faces South 

Color 
Persons Row 1 
facing South 
Persons Row 2 
facing North 
Color 

White  Black  White  Black  Red 

D 

R 

E  

T 

A 

P 

C 

S 

B 

Q 

Red  White  Black  White  Black 

181.   As Derived in the Common Explanation we can see that B, D, Q and R all of them sit at an extreme ends 

but C does not. 

Hence Option D is correct. 

182.  As Derived in the Common Explanation we clearly see that Q and D face the people who like red. 

Hence Option E is correct. 

183.  As  Derived  in  the  Common  Explanation  we  clearly  see  that  A  sits  exactly  in  between  C and  E  ,  S  sits 

exactly in between P and Q Therefore, E sits exactly in between A and D. 

Hence Option B is correct. 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
184.   As  Derived  in  the  Common  Explanation  we  clearly  see  that  all  the  given  options  are  false. 

Hence Option D is correct. 

185.  As derived in the common explanation we can see that all the pairs face opposite to each other except 

A and R. 

Hence option C is correct. 

Common explanation (186 – 190) :  

Reference: 

The persons sitting on bench 1 are facing north and those on bench 2 are facing south such that each person 
of both the benches faces each other. 

Inference:  

On the basis of above hint we can infer the arrangement in which benches are situated. 

Reference: 
Gayu faces Hina, who does not sit at any of the extreme ends. 

Hina sits second to the right of Dia. 

Inference: 
Here we can have following two cases. 

Case 1 - When Gayu sits on bench 2. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 2- When Gayu sits on bench 1. 

Reference: 

Bani faces the person who is second to the right of Ahana. 

Ela and Bani neither sits in the same row nor faces each other.   
Inference: 

Note- We cannot place Bani on Bench 2 in Case 1, because in that case second hint will get violate i.e. Ela and 
Bani will face each other. 

Note- We cannot place Bani on Bench 1 in Case 2, because in that case second hint will get violate i.e. Ela and 
Bani will face each other. 

Reference: 

Fiza sits in the same row in which Ela sits.  

Caira sits on bench 1.   

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inference: 

Clearly we can see that in Case 2, we cannot place Caira at bench 1. Thus it gets violated. 

Thus we obtain the final arrangement through Case 1. 

186.    From the following explanation it is clear that Dia and Ela face each other. 

Hence option D is correct. 

187.  From the following explanation it is clear that Hina sits on Bench 1. Thus is the odd one out because all 

other persons sit on becnh 2. 

Hence option A is correct. 

188.  From the following explanation it is clear that Ela- Caira is the pair of persons who sit at extreme ends. 

Hence option C is correct. 

189.   From the following explanation it is clear that Fiza is second to the right of Ahana. 

Hence option B is correct. 

190.   From the following explanation it is clear that Hina- Ahana are not facing each other. 

Hence option E is correct. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common explanations  (191 – 195) :  

Reference: 
Eight persons – Heer, Rani, Nora, Anup, Doha, Mrig, Gaur and Shera are sitting around a square table such that 
four persons sits on the fours corner the table facing towards the center and the rest of the four persons sits 
on the middle of the sides facing away from the centre. 

Inference: 
We will keep this information in mind while solving the puzzle. 

Reference: 
Nora sits third to the left of Rani. 

Only two persons sit between Mrig and Shera, who sits immediate left of Nora. 

Inference: 
Here, we have two possible scenarios, in which we can use the above hints accordingly. 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Here, we will make a mental note that only two persons sit between Mrig and Shera. 

Reference:  
Gaur neither sits at corner nor opposite to Shera. 

Anup sits second to the left of Heer, who sits third left of Gaur. 

Inference:  
After using the above hints, we have: 

 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Initially,  we  have  a  hint  that  only  two  persons  sit  between  Mrig  and  Shera  at  this  point  we  cannot  fix  the 
position of Mrig according the hint in case 1. So, we can say that case 1 is an invalid case. 

Case 2: 

At this point we can easily fix the position of Doha in case 2. Then, 

Case 2: 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
191.   Following the final solution we can say that Shera sits in front of Anup. 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

192.  Following the final solution we can say that only one person sit between Rani and Shera, when counted 

from the right of Shera. 

Hence, the correct answer is option A. 

193.  Following the final solution and applying the given condition we have: 

Here, we can see that position of only persons i.e. Rani is unchanged excluding Anup. 

Hence, the correct answer is option A. 

194.   Following the final solution we can say that Anup sits third to the left of Doha. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

195.  Following the final solution we can say that Gaur sits second to the right of Mrig. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

Common Explanations (196-200): 

Reference: 

A row of persons facing north direction consist of equal number of boys and girls such that boys are sitting at 
the extreme ends. All the boys except one sit at even positions and all the girls except one sit at odd positions. 
Extreme left end of the row is positioned as 1 and the place immediate next to it as 2 and so on. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Inference: 

We will make a mental note of these informations while solving the puzzle. 

Reference: 

  There is no one to the left of A who is fourth to the left of J who is on immediate left of W. 
  H who is not a boy is sitting adjacent to A and X. 
  P sits at an extreme end and is third to the right of F who is a girl. 
  Only two persons are between W and F. 
  neighbours and T is to the immedT and O are immediateiate left of  P with T being a girl 

Inference: 

  With the hint that No one is to the left of A, it is clear that A sits at position no. 1 i.e. extreme left end 
and is the boy that sits at odd number position. Rest of the boys will sit at even numbered places. 
  The  second  hint  thus  confirms  P  to  be  sitting  at  extreme  right  end  and  he  is  also  a  boy.  Thus  the 

position at extreme left end must be an even number. 

  Using all the hints we can identify that there are 12 persons in the row, out of which 6 must be boys 

and 6 must be girls. 

  With the hint that H is a girl and is adjacent to X, position of H can be fixed as between A and X. Thus H 

sits at 2nd number and X at 3rd number. 

  Now we have assigned all the odd numbered places to girls except one and thus occupied six places for 

girls and 6 for boys. 

Reference: 

  Only three boys are there to the right of U, who is a girl. 
  Z is fourth to the right of B who is on immediate right of X. 

Inference: 

Thus position of B can be fixed as between X and J and U is thus seated as in between U and F. 

196.  From the following explanation it is clear that H is the only girl that sits on an even numbered position. 

Hence option C is correct. 

197.  From the following explanation it is clear that three girls sit between X and O. 

Hence option B is correct. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
198.  From  the  following  explanation  it  is  clear  that  J  is  an  immediate  neighbour  of  B  and  W. 

Hence option D is correct. 

199.   From the following explanation it is clear that there are 6 boys and 6 girls in the row. 

Hence option A is correct. 

200.  From the following explanation it is clear that J is the only girl among the five given options. Thus the 

odd one out. 

Hence option E is correct. 

Common Explanations (206-210): 

References:  
Herat and Himan sit opposite to each other but does not face each other. 

Herat sits third to the right of Hetav. 

Inferences: 
From above statements, 

Herat and Himan sit opposite to each other but does not face each other i.e. Herat and Himan are sitting at 
the corner of the table and faces away from the centre. 

By using above information, we get the initial seating as follows 

References: 
Herin and Hetav are facing same direction. 

Herin is an immediate neighbor of the one who likes Barone. 

Hiyan likes Perk and sits second to the right of the one, who likes Barone. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
Inferences: 
From above statements, 

Hetav faces inside the table. Therefore, Herin also faces inside the table. 
Thus we get 3 possibilities from above seating as shown below with respect to other reference points. 

Case-1: Here, Herin sits to the immediate right of Herat. Given, Herin is an immediate neighbor of the one who 
likes Barone. If the one who likes Barone sits to the immediate left of Herin, then there is no place for Hiyan 
(Given, Hiyan likes Perk, sits second to the right of the one, who likes Barone). Therefore, as per seating Herat 
likes  Barone  and  Hiyan  (likes  Perk)  sits  to  the  immediate  right  of  Herin  to  satisfy  the  given  statement. 

Case-2: Here,  Herin  sits to the  immediate  right of  Himan.  Given,  Herin  is  an  immediate neighbor  of the  one 
who likes Barone. If the one who likes Barone sits to the immediate left of Herin, then there is no place for 
Hiyan (Given, Hiyan likes Perk, sits second to the right of the one, who likes Barone). Therefore, as per seating 
Himan likes Barone and Hiyan (likes Perk) sits to the immediate left of Herin to satisfy the given statement. 

Case-3: Here, Herin sits to the immediate left of Herat. Given, Herin is an immediate neighbor of the one who 
likes Barone. If the one who likes Barone sits to the immediate right of Herin, then there is no place for Hiyan 
(Given, Hiyan likes Perk, sits second to the right of the one, who likes Barone). Therefore, as per seating Herat 
likes Barone and Hiyan (likes Perk) sits to the immediate right of Hetav to satisfy the given statement. 

  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
References: 
The one who likes Munch and the one who likes Milky Bar are facing each other. 

Henik sits to the immediate right of the one who likes Milky Bar and to the immediate left of the one who like 
5 star chocolates. 

Inferences: 
From above statements, 

The  one  who  likes  Munch  and the  one  who  likes  Milky Bar  are  facing each  other  i.e. both  are  sitting  in the 
middle of the table. 

With respect to the second reference point, we get only one possibility (to locate for the one who like Milky 
bar) in each case as shown below. 

Case: 1  

Case: 2 

Case: 3 

  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
References: 
Hiran sits third to the right of the one who likes Dairy Milk. 

The one who likes Bournville sits third to the left of the one who likes Kitkat. 

One who sits to the immediate right of Herat does not like Bournville. 

Inferences: 
From above statements, 

Case-1: Given,  Hiran  sits  third  to  the  right  of  the  one  who  likes  Dairy  Milk.  Here,  Hiran  likes  Milky  Bar  and 
Himan likes Dairy Milk (Only possibility to satisfy this statement). There is no place for the one who likes Kitkat 
as per the given statement. Hence this case become invalid and it can be eliminated. 

Case: 1 [Eliminated] – No place for the one who like Kitkat.  

Case-2: Here, there is no place for Hiran i.e. given, Hiran sits third to the right of the one who likes Dairy Milk. 
Hence this case become invalid and it can be eliminated. 

Case: 2 [Eliminated] – No place for Hiran 

Case-3: Given,  Hiran  sits  third  to  the  right  of  the  one  who  likes  Dairy  Milk.  Here,  Henik  likes  Dairy  Milk  and 
Hiran sits to the immediate right of Herat (Only possibility to satisfy this statement). With respect to second 
and third reference point, Himan likes Bournville and Hiran likes Kitkat (only possibility). Finally, Hevin likes 5 
star chocolates and sits to the immediate left of Henik. Thus we get the completed seating as shown below. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
Case: 3 

201.    The following common explanation, we get "None of these". 

Herin (likes Milky Bar) sits second to the right of Hiran, who likes Kitkat 

So answer is both A and D 

Hence, option E is correct. 

202.  The following common explanation, we get "Hevin-5 star chocolates". 

Hence, option A is correct. 

203.  The following common explanation, we get "Himan-Bournville chocolates". 

Hence, option A is correct. 

204.   The following common explanation, we get "Hiran and the one who like 5 stars (Hevin)". 

Hence, option C is correct. 

205.   The  following  common  explanation,  we  get  "Hiran  sits  third  to  the  right  of  Henik  and  Hiran  likes 

Kitkat". 

Hence, option B is correct. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (206-210): 

Reference: 
Seven persons – Naina, Shalu, Amar, Rohan, Doshi, Brij and  Vinod, are sitting on a bench in a church, facing 
south.  Each  of  them  has  a  different  profession  –  Manager,  Engineer,  Boxer,  Politician,  Singer,  Painter  and 
Actor. 

Inference: 
We will keep this information in mind while solving the puzzle. 

Reference:  
Vinod sits third from left end. 

Amar sits second to the right of Vinod. 

There is one person sitting between Amar and Rohan. 

Inference:  
After using the above hints, we can draw a following linear arrangement: 

Reference:  
Naina is an immediate neighbour of Doshi, who sits at an extreme end. 

The one who is a Singer sits at an extreme end and immediate neighbor of Shalu. 

Inference:  
After using the above hints, we have: 

Reference: 
The one who is an Actor sits second to the left of Rohan. 

The one who is an Engineer sits third to the left of Shalu, who is a Painter. 

Inference:  
At this point, we can easily fix the position of Brij in the row. 

  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Reference:  
Naina is neither Manager nor Boxer. 
Brij is not a Boxer. 

Inference:  
After using the above hints, we have: 

Here, we can say that Naina is the Politician. 

206.   Following the final solution, we can say that Naina is a Politician. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

207.  Following the final solution, we can say that the one who sits in the middle of the row is a Manager. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

208.  Following the final solution, we can say that Naina sits third to the left of the one who is an Actor. 

Hence, the correct answer is option A. 

209.   Following the final solution, we can say that three persons sit between Shalu and Naina. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

210.   Following the final solution, we can say that Amar – Actor is the correct combination. 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (211-215): 

Reference: 
Eight persons – Ankit, Kavit, Manit, Vinit, Charit, Sumit, Ganit, and Ronit are sitting in a straight line (but not 
necessarily in the same order) such that three of them are facing south and rest of them are facing north. Each 
of them works in a different bank – SBI, UCO, PNB, BOB, SEBI, RBI, BOI, and NHB (but not necessarily in same 
order). 

Inference: 
We will keep this information in mind while solving the puzzle. 

Reference:  
Ronit sits third to the right of Manit. 

Manit doesn’t face north direction. 

Four persons sit between Ronit and Charit, who works in RBI. 

Inference:  
After using the above hints, we have: 

Reference:  
Ganit is an immediate neighbor of Manit and Charit both. 

Manit sits on the immediate left of Kavit. 

Inference: 
After using the above hints, we have: 

Reference:  
Kavit sits third from one of the extreme end of the row. 

Vinit sits second to the right of Ganit. 

Inference:  
After using the above hints, we have: 

  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Reference:  
The one, who is sitting on the immediate right of Vinit, works in NHB. 

Sumit sits right of Manit, who works in BOI. 

Ganit and Charit face opposite direction to each other. 

Inference: 
After using the above hints, we have: 

As  we  know  that  only  three  of  these  persons  are  facing  towards  south  direction  so  we  can  find  out  the 
direction faced by the rest of these persons. 

Reference: 
The one who works in SBI sits at an extreme end. 

The one who works in BOB sits between Charit and Ankit. 

The one who works in PNB sits immediate right of the one who works in UCO. 

Sumit does not work in PNB. 

Inference:  
After using the above hints, we have: 

Here, we can say that Ganit works in SEBI. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
211.   Following the final solution, we can say that Kavit works in PNB. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

212.  Following the final solution, we can say that Vinit – BOB – North is the correct combination. 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

213.  Following the final solution, we can say that three persons sit between Charit and Sumit. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

214.  Following the final solution, we can say that the one who works in BOB is fourth to the left the one who 

works in PNB. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

215.   Following the final solution, we can say that Ganit works in SEBI. 

Hence, the correct answer is option E. 

Common Explanations (216-220): 

Reference: 
Eight  persons  –  Mona,  Moti,  Meera,  Mali,  Mitra,  Mansi,  Megha  and  Mrig,  were  sitting  in  a  circle  facing 
towards  the  center.  Each  of  them  was  born  in  a  different  city  —  Shimla,  Manali,  Agra,  Nanital,  Pune,  Goa, 
Mumbai and Delhi, but not necessarily in the same order. 

Inference: 
We will keep this information in mind while solving the puzzle. 

Reference: 
Two persons were sitting between the one, who was born in Nanital and Mitra. 

Mali was born in Nanital. 

Mitra was born in Manali. 

Mona was born in Shimla and sits opposite to Mitra. 

Inference: 
Here, we have two possible scenarios in which the above hints can be used accordingly. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1:  

Case 2: 

Reference: 
The one, who was born in Delhi, sits adjacent to the one, who was born in Nanital. 

The one, who was born in Pune, sits opposite to Mali. 

Mrig was born in Mumbai and sits second to the right of the one, who was born in Nanital. 

Inference: 
After using the above hints, we have: 

Case 1: 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 2: 

Reference: 
Meera was born in Pune and was an immediate neighbor of the one, who was born in Goa. 

Megha sits third right to Moti and Megha was born in Delhi. 

Inference: 
At this point we cannot use the above hints in case 2 accordingly so we can say that case 2 is an invalid case. 

Case 1: 

At this point we can say that Moti was born in Agra and Mansi was born in Goa. 

Case 1: 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
216.   Following the final solution, we can say that Mansi was born in Goa. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

217.  Following the final solution, we can say that Meera was sitting third to the right of Megha. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

218.  Following the final solution, we can say that Moti was born in Agra. 

Hence, the correct answer is option A. 

219.   Following the final solution, we can say that the one who was born in Mumbai was sitting in the front 

of Moti. 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

220.  Following the final solution, we can say that Meera was third to the left of the one who was born in 

Shimla. 

Hence, the correct answer is option E. 

Common Explanations (221-225): 

Reference: 

Usha sits at one of the extreme ends of the line. 

Mona sits third to the left of Usha. 

Pinu sits third to the right of Mona. 

Inference:  
Here, we have two possible scenarios in which above References: can be used accordingly. 

Case 1: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
Case 2: 

Reference:  
Joya sits to the immediate right of Pinu. 

Joya does not sit at any of the extreme end of the line. 

Pinu sits second to the left of Chaya. 

Inference:  

After using the above References:, we have: 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 

Tara sits second to the right of Joya. 

Only one person sits between Chaya and Lali. 

Tara faces the same direction as Joya. 

Inference:  

After using the above References:, we have: 

Case 1: 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
Case 2: 

Reference: 

Doly faces north. 

Doly faces the same direction as Chaya. 

Both the immediate neighbours of Mona face the opposite direction. 

Inference:  

At this point, we cannot use the second hint (Chaya faces south) in case 1 accordingly so we can say that case 
1 is an invalid case. 

Case 2:  

221.   Following  the  final  solution,  we  can  say  that  Joya  is  sitting  second  to  the  right  of  Mona. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

222.  Following the final solution, we can say that Usha is the one who does not belong to the group because 

amongst all the persons given in the options, Usha is the only one who faces North direction. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

223.  Following the final solution, we can say that three persons sit between Joya and Doly. 

Hence, the correct answer is option A. 

224.  Following the final solution, we can say that four persons are facing north direction. 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

225.  Following the final solution, we can say that no one is sitting third to the left of Lali. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Common Explanations (226-230): 

Reference: 

Usha sits at one of the extreme ends of the line. 

Mona sits third to the left of Usha. 

Pinu sits third to the right of Mona. 

Inference:  
Here, we have two possible scenarios in which above References: can be used accordingly. 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference:  
Joya sits to the immediate right of Pinu. 

Joya does not sit at any of the extreme end of the line. 

Pinu sits second to the left of Chaya. 

Inference:  

After using the above References:, we have: 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference: 

Tara sits second to the right of Joya. 

Only one person sits between Chaya and Lali. 

Tara faces the same direction as Joya. 

Inference:  

After using the above References:, we have: 

Case 1: 

Case 2: 

Reference: 

Doly faces north. 

Doly faces the same direction as Chaya. 

Both the immediate neighbours of Mona face the opposite direction. 

Inference:  

At this point, we cannot use the second hint (Chaya faces south) in case 1 accordingly so we can say that case 
1 is an invalid case. 

Case 2:  

226.  Following the final solution, we can say that Joya is sitting second to the right of Mona. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
227.  Following the final solution, we can say that Usha is the one who does not belong to the group because 

amongst all the persons given in the options, Usha is the only one who faces North direction. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

228.  Following the final solution, we can say that three persons sit between Joya and Doly. 

Hence, the correct answer is option A. 

229.    Following  the  final  solution,  we  can  say  that  four  persons  are  facing  north  direction. 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

230.  Following the final solution, we can say that no one is sitting third to the left of Lali. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (231-235): 

References: 

There are three persons sit between Tanish and Jiral. Jiral sits third to the left of Vaibhav. 

Bhavin does not sit third to the left of Tanish who doesn’t sit at the corner. 

One person sits between Jiral and Kiansh. 

Rithwik and Kiansh are not immediate neighbors. 

Inferences 

From above statements,  

o  Tanish does not sit at corner of the table, and then he must sit in the middle of the table. 

Based on the remaining statements we get the following cases as follows 

Case: 1 

Case: 2 

References: 

Aadvik is immediate neighbor of Kiansh. 

Bhavin does not sit third to the left of Tanish who doesn’t sit at the corner. 

Bhavin sits fourth to the right of Yashith. 

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
 
 
 
Inferences 

From above statements, we get the following case, 

Case: 1 [Eliminated] 
  No place: Bhavin sits fourth   
to the right of Yashith. 

Case: 2 

Finally, Rithwik sits immediate right of Yashith. Thus we get the completed seating arrangement as follows, 

231.  The following common explanation, we get "Rithwik sit in the middle of the table". 

Remaining 4 persons sit at corner of the table. 

Hence, option E is correct. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
  
 
  
 
  
   
    
    
 
   
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
232.  The following common explanation, we get "Rithwik". 

Relation: Tanish is second to the left of Kiansh 

Bhavin is second to the left of Aadvik similarly 

Jiral is  second to the left of Rithwik 

Hence, option A is correct. 

233.  The following common explanation, we get "Only Vaibhav". 

Fifth to the right of Kiansh is Vaibhav and immediate right of Rithwik is also Vaibhav. 

Hence, option E is correct. 

234.   In the following common explanation it is clear that Aadvik sits between Jiral and Kiansh. 

Hence, option C is correct. 

235.  In the following common explanation it is clear that Jiral sits opposite to one who sits second to the 

right of Rithwik. 

Hence, option B is correct . 

Common Explanations (236-240): 

References: 

J likes Banana. 

The person J is the immediate neighbor of the one who like Brinjal and O. 

K sits third to the right of O. 

One person sits between K and Q. 

One who likes Beans sits third to the left of Q. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
Inferences: 

From above statements, 

J likes Banana i.e. J likes fruits and sits at the corner of the table. 

The  person  J  is  the  immediate  neighbor  of  the  one  who  like  Brinjal  and  O.  Here  we  get  two  possibilities  as 
shown in seating. 

Remaining statements are given directly; by using we get 3 initial cases as follows 

Case: 1 

Case: 2 

Case: 1-A  

References: 
One who sits second to the right of the one who likes Beans is facing N. 

One who likes Cabbage sits second to the right of the one who likes Cucumber. 

One who likes Beans and one who likes Mango are not immediate neighbors. 

One who likes Mango sits third to the right of M. 

  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
Inferences: 
From above statements, 

One who sits second to the right of the one who likes Beans is facing N. With respect to the position of the one 
who likes Beans, N can be located in each of three cases as shown below. 

One  who  likes  Cabbage  sits  second  to  the  right  of  the  one  who  likes  Cucumber  i.e.  both  are  vegetables.  So 
those persons are sitting in the middle of the table. Already Beans and Brinjal is located in all the 3 cases. So 
we get only one possibility to place Cabbage and Cucumber as per statement. 

One who likes Beans and one who likes Mango are not immediate neighbors. One who likes Mango sits third 
to the right of M. 

Here we get only one possibility in each case as per above statement. 

Note: In Case 1-A and case-2, K doesn’t like Mango; if so then there is no place for M (O is occupied already in 
both cases) as per given statement. 

By using above information, we get the following seating as shown 

Case: 1 

Case: 2 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Case: 1-A  

References: 
There are as many persons sit between P and M as between P and L. 

L and one who like Apple are not immediate neighbors.  

Inferences: 
From above statements, 

Case-1: P sits to the immediate left of M and L sits to the immediate right of P i.e. No one sits between P and 
M  &  no  one  sits  between  P  and  L.  As  per  given  statement,  there  is  no  place  for  Apple  (L  and  one  who  like 
it  can  be  eliminated. 
Apple  are  not 

immediate  neighbors).  Hence  this  case  become 

invalid  and 

Case-1-A: Here, the 1st reference point (There are as many persons sit between P and M as between P and L 
can  be  eliminated. 
case  become 
doesn’t 

).  Hence 

satisfied. 

invalid 

and 

this 

get 

it 

Case: 1 [Eliminated] – No Place for Apple 

 Case: 1-A [Eliminated] There are as many persons sit between P and M as betwen P and L. 

   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 Case-2: Here, P sits to the immediate left of O and L sits to the immediate left of K. By this two persons sit 
between P &M and also P & L (given condition satisfied). Given, L and one who like Apple are not immediate 
neighbors.  Therefore P likes Apple and K likes Grapes (only possibility). Thus we get the completed seating as 
shown below. 

236.    Following the common explanation, we get "K-Grapes", 

Hence, option C is correct. 

237.  Following the common explanation, we get "The one who like Cucumber i.e. L", 

L sit opposite to O. 

Hence, option C is correct. 

238.  Following the common explanation, we get "None is true", 

Hence, option E is correct. 

239.   Following the common explanation, we get "Third to the right", 

N sits third to the right of the one who like Banana 

Hence, option A is correct. 

240.   Following the common explanation, we get "M-sit in the middle of the sides", 

Remaining 4 persons sit at the corner of the table. 

Hence, option D is correct. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Explanations (241-245): 

Reference: 

Eight persons – Amar, Ansh, Arun, Amit, Ashu, Anup, Arif and Anil, are sitting around a circular table facing the 
centre but not necessarily in the same order. 

Inference: 
We will keep this information in mind while solving the puzzle. 

Reference: 
Anup is to the immediate left of Arun. 

Amit is between Anup and Ansh. 

Amar is the neighbour of Ansh. 

Inference: 
After using the above hints, we can draw a following circular arrangement: 

Reference: 

Arif is to the immediate left of Ashu. 

Arif is not the neighbour of Ansh or Anil. 

Inference: 

After using the above hints, we have: 

  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
241.  Following the final solution, we can say that Anup is sitting third to right of Amar. 

Hence, the correct answer is option B. 

242.  Following the  final  solution,  we  can  say  that  four  persons  were  sitting between  Amit  and  Anil, when 

counted from the left of Anil. 

Hence, the correct answer is option E. 

243.  Following the final solution, we can say that Arif is third to the right of Amit. 

Hence, the correct answer is option A. 

244.   In the following common it is clear that Amar sits opposite to the one who sits third to the left of Anil. 

Hence, the correct answer is option C. 

245.   In the following common explanation it is clear that Arun and Ashu are sitting adjecent of Arif. 

Hence, the correct answer is option D. 

Common Explanations (246-250): 

Reference: 
Qiya is second to the left of Rati who is fourth from the right corner. 

Tiya sits immediate right of Qiya. 

There are only two persons between Rati and Pari. 

Inference: 
Based on the given hints following two cases can be drawn: 

Case1 When Pari is third to the left of Rati 

Row/Persons→ 
(Facing South)↓ 

Rati 

Tiya 

Qiya 

Pari 

←Right end                                                                                                                           → Left end 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
Case2 When Pari is third to the right of Rati 

Row/Persons→ 
(Facing South)↓ 
←Right end                                                                                                                                 → Left end 

Qiya 

Tiya 

Rati 

Pari 

Reference: 
The number of persons between Qiya and Mita is same as the number of persons between Pari and Shri. 

Mita sits at any corner of the row. 

Om is not a neighbor of Shri who is immediate left of Niya. 

Inference: 
Case1 When Pari is third to the left of Rati and number of persons between Mita and Qiya are 4 

Row/Persons→ 
(Facing South)↓ 

Mita 

Shri 

Rati 

Tiya 

Qiya 

Pari 

←Right end                                                                                                                                  → Left end 

In Case1, Positions of Om and Niya cannot be ascertained without violating the third hint, thus Case1 
Fails here. 

Case2 When Pari is third to the right of Rati and number of persons between Mita and Qiya is 1 

Row/Persons→ 
(Facing South)↓ 

Pari 

Niya 

Shri 

Rati 

Tiya 

Qiya 

Om 

Mita 

←Right end                                                                                                                                                   → Left end 

246.  From the following explanation it is clear that six persons are seated towards the left of Niya. 

Option D, is hence the correct answer. 

247.  From the following explanation it is clear that Pari is the only one among the given options, who sits at 

an extreme end, rest person sit in the middle of the row. 

Option E, is hence the correct answer. 

248.  From the following explanation it is clear that Om and Tiya both are the immediate neighbours of Qiya. 

Option C, is hence the correct answer. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
249.   From  the  following  explanation  it  is  clear  that  the  person  sitting  third  from  the  right  end  is  Shri  and 

second to the left of Shri is Tiya. 

Option B, is hence the correct answer. 

250.  From the following explanation it is clear that Om is sitting third to the left of Rati. 

Option A, is hence the correct answer. 

www.smartkeeda.com   | https://testzone.smartkeeda.com/# 

SBI | RBI | IBPS |RRB | SSC | NIACL | EPFO | UGC NET |LIC | Railways | CLAT | RJS 

Join us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
